The musical "Journey around the World" is coming to the theater in Linz. The musical is based on a novel by Jules Vernes. It's called "Around the World in 80 Days or how many operas fit into a musical?" The world premiere will be held next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten. When the artistic director of the theater in Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it became clear that the musical should be special. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature. Jules Verne's hero Phileas Fogg meets operatic emotions. With his servant Passepartout he ends up in Paris at the party of the Merry Widow Hanna Glawari. In Rome Tosca falls into his arms, in Beijing Turandot wants to have his head beheaded and he only manages to get back to England across the Atlantic with the help of the Flying Dutchman. "Opera fans will recognize plenty of references, and for those unfamiliar with it, simply experience an exciting adventure story in the form of a special musical," promises composer Gisle Kverndokk.
The Upper Austrian Helmut Gragger will open the social bakery "Gragger & Chorherr" in Vienna next week. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015. The refugee crisis means that people from different countries have their own culture of bread. The Syrian baker should bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old Helmut Gragger also met his current business partner Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. Christoph Chorherr will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than 2 decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years. The employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the new bakery in the Nordbahnviertel." When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail?
It was a tough exchange of blows, just as Donald Trump is known to appreciate. At his meeting with the Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz experienced the US President "exactly as one has always heard about him. He is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him". For businessman and dealmaker Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States simply being cheated by the global rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House.
Worms are very dangerous for dogs and cats. Worms can be very dangerous for dogs and cats. They can spread through the body of the animal. The disease is very rare, but in recent years, infections with the parasite have increased. In humans and dogs, the disease is very rare. The eyeworm The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign, the eyeworm triggers it. If left untreated, the retina is damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm "Eyeworm is very rarer than skinworm or heartworm," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo. The skinworms, which are up to 15 cm long, form small knots in the skin. The heartworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. The parasites can live up to 7 years and release larvae into the blood again and again. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms.
A search and rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS and narrow down the scene of the accident. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m. The rescuers actually found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green is his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to several media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, namely 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer: If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop; if they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the traffic light. Three weeks after it was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty.
Martin Gruber was nominated as the new party chairman by the board of the Carinthian ÖVP. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She lives in the German town of Pinneberg. She has Down syndrome. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, Hannah noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID document. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed her their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. Hannah's father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID card only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she wrote: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
Raoul Wallenberg was a Swedish businessman who worked as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least 5 years after his disappearance, and there are traces of life up to the end of July 1947," said Pia Gustafsson of the Swedish Revenue Agency. However, it is known from secure sources that Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947.
According to the world health statistics, men have an average of 4.4 years less than women. There is also a gap between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide. Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, but men only 62 years. The differences are smallest where women do not have good access to health services. The reason is maternal mortality: In over 90 percent of low-income countries, fewer than four medical nurses, such as midwives, are responsible for childbirth for 1,000 women. It affects one in 3,300 women in high-income countries.
Gucci, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein were on the packaging that was transported to Vienna by air freight. The problem with it: The articles, which have an original value of 5.2 million euros, were all counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. "Especially this big attack makes it clear that product piracy should not be downplayed as a trivial offense," says Gerhard Marosi from the Federal Ministry of Finance. Danger to health According to experience, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products during the run-up to Christmas. Experts emphasize that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, five-month-old panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure for the first time. Now many visitors want to experience the young animals in person. But they have to queue to do so. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was three-year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz Martin. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," laughs Flora. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. Premiere The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their companies and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new guide "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the other hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitalization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not resilient or ill, inflexible and not very willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. And the other prejudices? Counter them proactively. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn.
In Burgenland, there are about 2,500 first responders. The first responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them. The first responders are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them. The first responders are trained to provide first aid quickly. The first responders are usually the first to respond in emergencies and can save lives. It was only in October that he and the crew of the rescue helicopter resuscitated a patient.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. The language café was set up 3 years ago. The association does not want to make any money with the café, which offers a living room atmosphere. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cake. The cake is affordable at one euro each.
On Wednesday, the panda twins in the Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The twins are a boy and a girl. The twins are still unknown. With the twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock. They can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat.
A truck driver from the Amstetten district has let a ten-year-old boy drive his truck on the A1 in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height. The father has filed a complaint.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), six draws and seven defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of the Austrian Parliament passed the new social security law. The law was only passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council of the Austrian Parliament. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Law was passed by the National Council in November.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle or a weight bench. The body reacts to heavy exercise by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. Another important tip: Bras, socks and the like should never be left in the training bag overnight when they are wet. Damp textiles are an ideal breeding ground for bacteria. Ideally, the sweaty clothes should go straight into the washing machine. The same applies to wet towels. According to Ackerley, drinking bottles made of hard plastic or stainless steel should be cleaned in the dishwasher.
The government passed several laws in the National Council of Ministers on Wednesday. Some of the laws are very controversial. For example, a ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, and a new ban on knives for foreigners. The government wants to ban the extremist symbols of extremist organizations, especially from Islamic countries, whose goals contradict the basic values of the Austrian Republic of Austria and the United Kingdom. The government also wants to ban the symbols of extremist organizations, especially those from Islamic countries, whose goals contradict the basic values of the Austrian Republic of Austria and the United Kingdom of America.
The kitchen cleaning service was to blame. Hassan (17) was tasked with keeping the kitchen clean in the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt. When he takes a pot of hot water off the stove, empties it and puts it in the dishwasher, he gets into an argument with a roommate. The roommate wants to cook eggs in the water. The two teenagers begin to fight. When Sophie Pogats, the manager of the accommodation of the Arbeitersamariterbund, found out about the incident, she banned Hassan and his cronies from the house. The two have 24 hours to calm down. They have to spend the night with friends or in the Caritas emergency shelter for young people. Only then are they allowed to return to their home. Sophie Pogats does not dial the emergency number for the police. But "Rudi, our house policeman," informs the director immediately. "Der Rudi" is Rudolf Greul, the so-called Refugee Contact Officer (RCO) of the refugee accommodation in Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee quarters. Hardly any incidents The RCOs are on hand when fights break out among the residents, caregivers are threatened or suspicious people are standing in the front of the house. Greul is responsible for six refugee homes. Twice a week he drops in on Grosse Stadtgutgasse and asks if anything has happened. He says it doesn't happen very much, says Greul. In the ten months that he was assigned to the refugee home as a refugee officer, there were 4 violent clashes and one case of property damage. He says that with 45 very pubescent young people. That's also on every school course. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus" again, says Greul. However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are no more prone to violence. "They are no more conspicuous than our children," says Greul. However, many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee home, there are also 20 refugees over the age of 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school.
In a recent study, the ginger extract was used as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The participants were adults with episodic migraines, which have up to 6 attacks per month, either with or without an aura. Treatment worked better The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients then filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, after 2 hours, after 1 and a half and 2 hours. The intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment than those who only received the placebo.
The Viennese are very interested in what they like about their own city, says Christa Bauer, President of the Association of Certified Vienna Tourist Guides. For several years there has been a wide range of city walks in Vienna. This ranges from small neighborhood tours by Viennese for Viennese to themed tours by professional tourist guides. On the one hand, the Viennese wanted to get to know the culture and history better. On the other hand, at some point they realize that there is so much to discover in Vienna that they don't even know yet.
Judges, civil servants and employees of the judiciary are protesting against the cuts in the budget. There is a massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, we will consider further measures.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian Heinz-Christian also experienced the wave of indignation that ill-considered postings at a late hour can trigger. On Shrove Tuesday at 0.26 a.m. Strache put a photo with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on his Facebook page. Armin Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed. Strache apologized to the ORF employees via an advertisement. He also paid the ORF employees 5,000 euros, which he donated.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is the most closed in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is "only" 11 days in the summer. The two municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for five days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach: Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Güttenbach," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for 4 weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother.
A new study shows that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If women were physically fit in middle age, they would have dementia at the age of 90 instead of 79.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the iceberg will probably detach itself from the Larsen C ice shelf in the polar region. With an area of around 5,000 square kilometers, it is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The crack is not caused by an increase in temperature. Experts refer to floating ice masses that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of four different areas, of which Larsen C is the largest. According to the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, which also conducts research in polar regions, the ice shelves A and B disintegrated a few years ago.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first floating farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. But that's not all: The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how milk is processed. The cows live in spacious cubicles: milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
In the spring, the Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote about the vinegar drinks. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote about the vinegar drinks. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol – this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate". And how about the trends in your favorite summer activity, the barbecue? Swineapple is now enjoyed there. Behind it hides pork, which is stuffed into hollowed-out pineapple, which in turn is wrapped in bacon.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least 3 deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is being said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place. When you believe you're lovable, you don't attribute the hurtful words of another to yourself, but simply acknowledge them as cheekiness, bad behavior, or aggressive behavior.
The shiitake mushroom is very popular in Europe because of its taste. The shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms already cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The copper it contains, 100 grams contain 30 percent of the daily requirement, promotes strong and shiny hair. Vitamin D, which many people do not have enough, can be absorbed from the sun, but also from shiitake mushrooms: 100 grams of mushrooms already cover 40 percent of the daily requirement. Numerous positive influences on the immune system have been demonstrated for the shiitake mushrooms. Shiitake dermatitis When buying the mushrooms, make sure that they look plump and juicy. Cracks and stains on the shiitake cap are normal features and do not indicate poor quality. Fresh shiitake mushrooms can be stored in the refrigerator for about 5 to 7 days. In rare cases, an allergic reaction can occur when shiitake mushrooms are consumed. The so-called "shiitake dermatitis" causes a rash.
Vienna is one of the unfriendliest cities in the world for expats. According to the "Expat City Ranking 2018", Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of the people in Vienna said that it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make new friends. The top 3 cities for expats are Taipei, Singapore and Manama. At the other end of the scale, Riyadh ranks last, followed by Jeddah and Rome. The ranking is based on this year's "Expat Insider Study".
Some make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and still others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia? Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is also spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on Christmas in another part of the world, it is celebrated. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. This applies to almost all regions of the world. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, eight times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of the holiday as the gifts for the children.
In the new academic year, students will be able to choose who will represent them until 2019. The elections for the Austrian Students' Union (ÖH) will take place in May or June.
A person who has ever been abandoned by their partner can understand how painful a separation can be. Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She worked as a crisis care mother, so you always have to say goodbye to foster children, says the 46-year-old. Together with her colleague Beatrix Roidinger, the life and social counselor, she has founded Vienna's first separation outpatient clinic. Unlike similar institutions such as the lovesickness practice, the focus is on group sessions. Once a week, up to twelve affected people meet to share their painful experiences. Limbeck or Roidinger accompany the group. The two experts say that the group members are all in different phases. This is an advantage because they can tell each other how they got there. You can talk about it much more freely and openly in a group. For Sabrina Limbeck, it's the most important thing after a separation. It starts with the basic needs, such as cooking something small for yourself instead of ordering a pizza. It's about perceiving yourself as an individual again and saying I'm more than the person you've left.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned probe "Chandrayaan-2" was launched on Monday with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India. A week ago, the start had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. In the past, the number of civil servants was about 93 percent. But the coming years could bring some support facilities in staff shortages, concerning civil servants. Edtstadler said that the low-birth cohorts are causing a decline in declarations of community service. On the one hand, it is important to ensure that civil servants are deployed where they are needed. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for 18 days often results in chain sick leave in practice. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
Most Austrian district authorities and magistrates have no special entry barriers. The exception is Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, sees himself happy. "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect not only our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses.
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, Austria defeated the world champion Germany 2:1. Austria's team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Force majeure initially forced the actors to a total of 3 warm-up phases, and the spectators to wait a long time. The rain was so heavy that it even fell through the roof. It was not until 7:40 p.m. as planned, that the Czech referee, Kralovec, gave the whistle for the match. It was the fifth win in the history of the ÖFB. It was the most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated the world champion Germany 2:1. It was the fifth win in the history of the ÖFB. Austria's team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Germany started without Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in central midfield and Alaba on the left. Germany controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this game, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). A dream goal. Two minutes later, Alaba initiated the next big chance with a dream pass to Arnautovic, but Neuer parried with a great reflex. Germany's team-coach Joachim Löw fiddled around in the coaching area with dissatisfaction. Austria took more risk, finally created pressure and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Lainer, who put it back to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finishing with Reus and Werner, but Austria defended the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them and celebrated a historic victory.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident. She was later found alive in a morgue. The 3 dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick, the operations manager of the private rescue service. Distress Alert is a private rescue service. It was called to the scene of the accident near Carletonville, southwest of Johannesburg, on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick. Three people were lying lifeless in one of the crashed cars when rescue workers arrived. Distress Alert has initiated proceedings to investigate the circumstances surrounding the accident.
There are many volunteers at Christmas, for example at the crypt or at the crypt for young children. The City of Vienna has launched its own initiative called "Voluntary in Vienna" with a large overview. Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open.
Buried with a long sword, a battle axe, a spear, a shield and two horses, someone who was buried with so much equipment must have been a great warrior or leader. This is how the spectacular grave find in Birka, Sweden, which is considered one of the largest Viking settlements, has been interpreted since its discovery. However, genetic analysis of the skeleton paint a completely new picture: a research team from Stockholm University sequenced the DNA of the bones - and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move. It has been known for a long time that among the Vikings women fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold significantly higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed.
The Austrian Radio (ORF) will be the next ORF headquarters in Vienna. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland, Austria. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland, Austria. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The headquarters is located in Burgenland. The headquarters is located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland.
The United States and North Korea will meet again eight months after the historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president had met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Trump emphasized his basic willingness to "complete denuclearization". But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear arsenal and what the US can do in return. Trump believes he has averted the war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months". There is still a lot of work to be done, but his relationship with Kim is good. Secret services see it differently The US secret services recently made it clear that there is currently no evidence that North Korea is willing to completely give up its weapons of mass destruction. These would also be used as security to continue the communist system of rule in North Korea.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run. Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, but for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance.
Verena Preiner has won the World Cup in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup is the first World Cup in which women's athletics meet. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is held in Qatar. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is held in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is the most successful World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. In 6th place, 34 points behind bronze and with high hopes, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. Then she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost 3 meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the field. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," he said. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income. However, access to clean energy and sanitation is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study was done by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in Laxenburg near Vienna, which was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electrification rate of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country actually has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity from 20 to 80 percent of the population. However, it took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to "protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination," said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover over the reactor is 108 meters high and 36,000 tons of metal. It is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the cost of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian metropolis of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he is just 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark houses. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel. "That's exactly the problem. The authorities are not concerned with the rehabilitation and reintegration of young people into society, but only with 'cleaning' the city - especially now in the run-up to the Olympic Games."
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study done by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no experimental study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account. For the new research, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Table in Eisenstadt. An older man scours into the shop on Neusiedler Strasse. He wants fruit and bread. A woman buys pastries, flour and sugar for herself and her three children. A single mother of three children is difficult. Andrea Roschek brought the Pannonian Food Bank to life in Burgenland. Today, Andrea Roschek and her helpers distribute 50 tons of food per month to those who don't have enough money to live on. The food is available for a fee. More and more customers In Oberpullendorf, too, PanTa sells food and clothing. The association enables around 350 people in northern and central Burgenland to shop 200 times a week. And the work doesn't stop. "In Oberpullendorf, customers are already getting on their feet, so we are urgently looking for a new business." The employees collect more than ten tons of food a week from 18 locations to pass it on. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. "We support our clients with dealings with the authorities and visits to the doctor, and organize medication." Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped.
A tropical cyclone has made landfall in India's east coast. The tropical cyclone "Fani" was the strongest for many years. In 1999, a cyclone swept across the state of Odisha at speeds of 260 km/h, killing more than 10,000 people. At least 300,000 people died in what was probably the deadliest cyclone to date in Bangladesh.
Rosie was homeless when there was only lard and tea. It started when Rosie was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice, she says. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did Rosie find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. "When I was 30, I wanted to be down to earth," says Rosie. She wanted a job and her own four walls. Susanne Peter, the social worker at the crypt helped her find a place to stay.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said that. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction," explained the Chancellor. The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis was still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the need for a pan-European solution had been pushed aside. "A lot of refugees came back in 2004 and 2005 - and we left it to Spain and others at the external borders to deal with it." At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue. This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders.
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete, according to the Ministry of Social Affairs.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cup titles. He also won a total of 4 doubles titles and one mixed in Australia, at the US Open and Wimbledon. As a coach, Rose coached women's tennis stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted for Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the nomination of Christine Lagarde. Only 49 MPs voted against the nomination of Christine Lagarde. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
It is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and correct blowing of the nose in football matches. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate.
Atletico Madrid won the third final of the European Cup. The Spaniards won the European Cup, which is the second most important competition in the world. Atletico won the European Cup with a goal. The Spaniards won the European Cup with a brace of 5 and 6 goals. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup, after a 2-1 win in Madrid and a 0-0 draw in Marseille in 2008 in the Champions League. It was already the second European Cup final for Atletico, in 1986.
German researchers have now found that dance and dancing are more effective than endurance and stretching exercises. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class for a period of 18 months. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. They were in a constant learning process. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises called "Jymmin" that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
In January 2017, the bankruptcy proceedings for Renate Müller were completed, then she got her full pension. Renate was a social worker, so she helped other people get their lives under control. When she was in debt at the bank with 60,000 euros, she could no longer cope with her own life. As a single mother, she took out a loan on the advice of the bank advisor and later increased the amount. Eventually she got sick and had to retire. The 70-year-old went into private bankruptcy. She pledged to pay back 50 percent of her debt within 4 years so that the rest could be forgiven. From then on, 700 euros were deducted from her income. From January 2017, she got her full pension again. Renate Müller told the KURIER: "Four years are a hard time," she says: "If the cat needs a vet, that's a problem. And the bank gave me notice, people like that don't need them as customers. How you feel there!" More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 (ten years ago there were 5,351).
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today alone, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum. That saves taxpayers a lot of money.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain sets will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains makes barrier-free entry possible. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More trains will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM - Persons with Reduced Mobility) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited the island of Cuba. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for Cuba. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba last year. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. He told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off every single block." When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon, he was only missing two kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as a hurricane. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. Gianni Infantino is the FIFA President of Switzerland. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. The World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2026. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in 2018. Gianni Infantino promised that the World Cup increase (albeit only to 40 teams) was a central promise made by Gianni Infantino before his election as FIFA President in February 2016. The Swiss justified this, among other things, with the extreme increase in membership of the world association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211. Gianni Infantino justified this, among other things, with the increase in membership of the world association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211.
In the next few years, the government wants to expand the duo of patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. The new law is waiting to be passed in parliament on Friday. The law will be passed by the next parliament. Which data should be passed on to whom? With the new law, data from state-managed databases will be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, the AMS, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad may request the data: anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for reimbursement of costs - such as a doctoral student, has a legal right to it, says data protection officer Werner Reiter. Is that important or is it dangerous? There are highly controversial opinions on this. Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable for long-term studies. The fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age was only determined by such data. Citizen data is also indispensable for economic policy – for forecasts of unemployment figures and the economy.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine immediately spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on various websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also among the standard ingredients. A new study shows that the vast majority of self-made sunscreens only provide sufficient protection against the sun's dangerous UV radiation. Inadequate protection The survey was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida.
For twenty years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the states repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
The Austrian Federal Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk took part in a summit on the Planai in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit started at 10 a.m. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit started at 10 a.m. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at the Planai Stadium in Schladming, Austria. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit was held at 11 a.m. The summit ended musically as it had begun: brass bands, pop music and Schuhplattlers.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Because the vitamin can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Vitamin D can be taken in the form of vitamin D3 drops. The amount and frequency should be discussed with a doctor depending on the severity of the deficiency.
The U4 will be closed from April 30 to July 1, and even between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4. The reasons for the closure are a complete renewal of the tracks and the tracks themselves. Around 57,000 passengers travel on this section every day. The Wiener Linien recommend that you switch to other lines. Specifically, there are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub.
On Wednesday, Portugal scored 3 goals against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Cristiano Ronaldo scored 4 goals in his first match in the European Championships in France. He scored the same goal twice. He scored the same goal twice against Hungary. Hungary scored the same goal against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Hungary scored the same goal twice against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Hungary scored the same goal twice against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Hungary scored the same goal twice against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Hungary scored the same goal twice against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Portugal scored the same goal twice against Hungary in the European Championships in France. Hungary scored the same goal twice against Hungary in the European Championships in France.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz has passed away at the age of 78. He was known for his collaborations with George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films - also alongside George Lucas. With "Star Wars" (1977) and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft.
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks. It came as a bit of a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. The midfielder, Marcel Koller emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. The Austrian team manager endured this swipe with a smile just as much as Adrian Steiger's words at the official reception on Sunday. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the Austrian national team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now." The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the rock fall. New experience For almost everyone in this team, it is a completely new experience and challenge to live under the roof of a hotel for a period of one month – even much longer if you are successful – and to peck at each other around the clock.
The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens. He advises his readers to familiarize themselves with their colleagues. The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens. He advises his readers to do the following: Detach yourself from the emotions, try to think rationally and frame the criticism in the form of questions. This creates a more pleasant working atmosphere and better results. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens. The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to four winners on three continents on Tuesday. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 decades. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food”, which improved the lives of 400 million people. The award, which is worth around 105,000 euros each, also goes to the Ethiopian Yetnebersh Nigussie for her commitment to people with disabilities in Africa and worldwide. Investigative journalist Khadija Ismayilova from Azerbaijan gets the award for her courageous exposure of corruption at the highest level of government, which also landed her in prison. The non-endowed honorary award goes to the American environmental lawyer Robert Bilott, who represented 70,000 people in the US state of West Virginia in a legal dispute whose drinking water had been chemically contaminated. With their courageous work, the award winners met some of the world's most pressing challenges.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines plane bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again thoroughly inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous mocking comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is venturing into the Italian coffee market. According to an Italian entrepreneur Antonio Percassi, who is working on behalf of the US giant for Starbucks' entry into the Italian market, 300 new Starbucks branches are to be built in the next 6 years. The opening of the first Starbucks store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard capital. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee market in Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries.
ATV has rejected the claim that the police show "Live PD" serves as a PR product for the police. "As with all productions, editorial sovereignty lies with ATV," the broadcaster said in a statement on Tuesday. If there are attempts to intervene in the design of the series, the series will be stopped. They have been working with the police for 10 years and also maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units".
In Vienna, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. From autumn 2020, the 13A will drive through the meeting zone in both directions. The meeting zone will be greened to avoid urban heat islands. The entrepreneur Kurt Wilhelm is the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop in Neubaugasse. He says that the 13A encounter zone is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But he is afraid that it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minutes intervals. On the part of the business people, they don't want to badmouth the measure from the start, says Wilhelm.
Today, Hans Peter Doskozil is appointed as the new head of the cabinet of the Ministry of Defense. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The 45-year-old Alexandra Schrefler-König, judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court, becomes head of the cabinet of Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. The 45-year-old Schrefler-König comes from the Ministry of the Interior, where she was most recently head of the department for aliens police, visa and border control. Then she moved to the Independent Federal Asylum Board (UBAS) and to the Asylum Court. She not only has a good insight into practice, but has also appeared as an author of specialist publications. Doskozil's chief of staff, Brigadier Jürgen Ortner, is preparing to change jobs. In a few months he is to go to Washington as a military attaché.
The TV show "Kitchen Impossible" will be returning for a second season with seven new episodes. Vox will start the new round of the "cook competition" on January 29 from 8:15 p.m. This time, a local chef will serve you his regular guests' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked. On January 8, Vox will host a cooking documentary called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves" on Sunday, January 8th. A top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases: These are the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers who complain to the Association for Consumer Information. Katrin Mittl-Jobst is the VKI employee. She deals with the complaints on the Internet site www. Verbraucher.at/Lebensmittel-Check. She explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers: Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly. Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: raspberry bars - made from banana When pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside, consumers get upset. A favorite is Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar, which according to the VKI consists of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, just doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are just as unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything but from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen – more often than consumers would like – behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria". Red-white-red signals can also be found on the can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the packaging and the price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been quietly and secretly increased.
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The ceasefire is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. The opposition groups have called the ceasefire a "historical opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. They said that terrorist groups were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat Fatah al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of seven moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the ceasefire will be combated as a terrorist group. Iran also welcomed the ceasefire in Syria. Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif assured his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov of Tehran's close cooperation in the forthcoming peace negotiations. However, despite the ceasefire, both ministers want to continue the fight against the terrorist militia Islamic State in Syria, according to the website of the Iranian Foreign Ministry. After the ceasefire, negotiations between the parties to the conflict between the Syrian government and its armed opponents are to take place in the Kazakh capital Astana.
The persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. She is united with her family. She has moved with her husband to the country where her 2 daughters are already staying. For security reasons, she could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Charged with blasphemy Asia Bibi was the first Catholic in Pakistan to be arrested and sentenced to death in 2010. In 2014, a court in Lahore upheld the death sentence. In 2015, another court ordered the execution to be suspended. Another appeal process followed. Since then, nothing has legally stood in the way of Asia Bibi and her family leaving the country. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
In the German city of Munich, there are many people who are worried about what is going on in the city. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene quickly. The police are on the scene quickly. The police have asked the police to avoid the area around the shopping center. The police have said that at the moment we have a major police operation at the OEZ. Please avoid the area around the shopping center. Some Munich locals start using the Periscope app and live video from Facebook with direct video transmissions in real time about the OEZ. There are numerous photos of the crime scene that are uploaded. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their news. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police have asked the police to avoid the area around the shopping center. Some Munich locals start using the Periscope app and live video from Facebook. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their news. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be more than 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9.
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such ad exposure if their parents rarely eat fast food. This is indicated by a long-term study. The German Alliance for Non-Communicable Diseases (DANK) has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products aimed at children. The German Alliance for Non-Communicable Diseases (DANK) has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products aimed at children. "Such advertising thwarts all efforts to teach children healthy nutrition," says Barbara Bitzer. "It is unacceptable that all the efforts of parents and educators to promote healthy child nutrition are nullified in this way." The WHO recommends an advertising ban as an effective measure against obesity in children. Several countries already have such laws, such as Norway and Sweden. Barbara Bitzer: "It would be absurd to protect babies from unhealthy food such as sweetened tea, but no longer protect older children." Because the development of nutritional skills only begins after the baby phase.
The Fürth Clinic in Germany brought a horse to the bedside of a dying patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible. The clinic did not expect such an echo, said the spokesman. Again and again the palliative care unit tries to fulfill a last wish of dying patients. "There are no limits for us. A call doesn't cost anything. You can always ask questions and the person asked can always say 'no'." "Dana's" owner immediately agreed after the request. There was no question at all about doing it, she said.
The President's Office requests that the families be respected. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the President's Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a variety of materials to produce useful tools in different ways. In the experiments, these birds show flexible and spontaneous tool use, they explain in the specialist magazine "Biology Letters". In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a variety of materials to produce useful tools, such as a wooden board, a piece of cardboard or a block of beeswax. All 4 of the cockatoos quickly realized that there was not much to do with the wax, it just stuck to their beaks and let it go. However, all 4 of them were able to produce useful tools from the wooden board. Those who cut off all the leaves at once were faster than the lazy ones, who first tried it with half-leaf twigs and then had to correct them so that their chopsticks fit through the hole up to the nut. In addition to Figaro, two other cockatoos broke shavings from the board and got the reward out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts earlier than it does in the northern hemisphere, according to a new study. The study was published in the journal Scientific Reports. The researchers fear that this will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
After being convicted on 3 counts of sexual assault, comedian Bill Cosby has started his prison sentence. The 81-year-old came out of the courtroom in handcuffs on Tuesday. The prisons in the state of Cosby are 24 in total. He must serve at least 3 years in prison and at most ten years in prison. He will also face a $25,000 fine and court costs. The judge will decide which of the 24 prisons in the state of Cosby will go to. He will be tried in the next higher court, the Superior Court in Harrisburg. This court must hear the case, unlike the higher Supreme Court, the highest court in the state of Pennsylvania. Cosby also faces a $25,000 fine and court costs.
From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect traffic? The Vienna Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number. Peter Lenz says: "I don't know the exact number." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day.
WhatsApp has been used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The company which owns WhatsApp in Jakarta, Indonesia, has announced this on Monday. The five-recipient limit was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,80 users in one fell swoop.
In Austria, there are almost 700 wild bee species. The scientists say that the world of hymenoptera is much more colorful than yellow-brown stripes. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the bees are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Robert Brodschneider. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction also makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences. We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question in a study that has now been published in the journal Current Biology. And so much in advance: The weekend cannot save what was missed during the week in terms of sleep.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, it is struggling for air: colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. The veterinarian Katharina Reitl explains which symptoms bother the patient, when it becomes dangerous and what can help. Cat colds are caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other. As a result, the actual cause of the disease cannot be easily clarified. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not always reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the animal is healthy: it is possible that not enough mucous membrane was scraped off, the herpes may have just retreated and is waiting undetected for the next outbreak. Treatment "The therapy depends on the severity of the disease," says Katharina Reitl. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers will stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal.
In the future, if it is at least 35 degrees outside, the Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. In the future, if it is at least 35 degrees outside, the Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in Vienna for 18 days. In the future, the Fiaker horses will only be used every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only draft horses can be used as a Fiaker horse.
The Global Strike For Future will take place in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network. It is also possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North.
He was 82 years old. He was a celebrated actor. He was not only a celebrated actor, but he was loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
Bobble hats on, but bare legs: In many cities around the world, thousands of people rode the subway without pants on Sunday, March 12. In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride". In London and New York there were several hundred people. Without trousers and without a political message The campaign was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who boarded with a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, some older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh." Bottomless since 2002 The event was launched in New York in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Despite the freezing temperatures, hundreds of people took part in New York again this time - and in Washington, many didn't let the heavy snowfall stop them from taking part. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. Sam opted for a suit - no pants. "According to the motto: Why is this guy wearing a tie and no trousers?" It's nice to see the "strange reactions of people".
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be the top candidate for the Vienna state elections. She will not be available in the state government until the financial statement 2019. This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Maria Vassilakou has been with the Greens since 1995 and has been in the state parliament since 1996 and has been Deputy Mayor since November 2010. As city councilor for transport, she strove for a reorganization of transport policy towards more bicycles and public transport. Her reforms met with resistance. As a woman with a migration background, she was repeatedly exposed to personal hostilities. It was controversial because of the planned Heumarkt tower, which almost blew up the Red-Green coalition with Michael Häupl.
The elephants in the Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. "Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it," said Harald Schwammer, the zoological director of the Vienna Zoo. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, serves to care for their sensitive skin.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. The team won 4 games in a row. They moved up to third place in the European Championship qualifier. The team is just one point behind second place in the European Championship qualifier.
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. This is celebrating its international debut with a match on June 22 against the women's team FC Mariahilf in Vienna. "We received the invitation from Vienna and we are really looking forward to this match. The Archbishop of Vienna, Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, assured us that FC Mariahilf is a serious team that is also heavily involved in charity. After the match, we want organize a second leg in the Vatican," says Danilo Zennaro. The team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport".
Tourists are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. Police on Tuesday blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the city. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on monuments. Violators face a fine of up to 400 euros. Other behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control.
In the past, the topic of fatty liver was underestimated and not taken seriously. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver. Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake, obesity and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors for developing liver cancer. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis after cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol. In Austria, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis after cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria (GCA) on Tuesday morning, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday. The accident claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. 8 of the injured people are foreign nationals. According to the police, among the injured are 2 Serbian and 2 Romanian citizens.
The City of Vienna will set up six new security bollards in Vienna in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against trucks. Last year, eight security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security bollards should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between regime soldiers and rebels in the northern city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr. An eleven-hour ceasefire between Russia and Syria came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST).
Almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Watchlist is a project of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and the Internet Ombudsman.
German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings of the skull have been used for more than 6,000 years. It is very difficult to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the reason is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation on the bone. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 years were operated on. Most of the patients are said to have survived the operation for a long period of time. This shows that they must have been specialized surgeons who deliberately chose this point on the skull.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died at the age of 72. Sigi Maron was born in Vienna in 1944. He was a singer-songwriter with songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn", "Dovichenja Yugoslavija" and "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his socially critical songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he repeatedly had to take long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show"
The testers from the German Consumer magazine tested 8 pre-washed mixed leaf salads. They tested them in the refrigerated section of the supermarkets and discount stores, stored until the end of the best-before date (MHD) and examined in the laboratory. They found that the amount of germs in the salad was so high that they can only advise against the use of the salad. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads.
For the first time in 85 years, the French fashion brand Lacoste has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered. The crocodile is only emblazoned on a total of 30 polo shirts.
In Texas, 19 female judges have been elected to the Supreme Court of Texas. They will be the new judges who will be elected in the state of Texas in the future. 17 of them are newly elected at the recent midterm elections. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke lost to Republican Ted Cruz in the state. "Black Girl Magic" The all-encompassing triumph of the new district judges, on the other hand, is part of the female triumph at the midterm elections - and is not least due to a broad social media campaign. In it, the women referred to themselves as "Houston 19" and campaigned for votes with the slogan "Black Girl Magic". The relevance of her success is underpinned by statistics. Accordingly, 88 percent of the judges of the Texas state court are white. In any case, the success of "Houston 19" is celebrated by many online as a sign of more diversity. The judges themselves also spoke up. "I have worked with many judges over the past 30 years. Many of them were great judges and very experienced. But only a few were women and even fewer were African American," said judge Lori Chamber Gray to Fox 2 6. She wants to do more for minorities: "I work a lot in the field of criminal defense and many of my clients are either African American or Hispanic. We can show understanding for people who come from a similar background as ourselves." Judge LaShawn A. Williams was happy about the historic victory on Facebook: "I never would have dreamed of that!"
In the next few days, EuroPride will be hard to miss in the city center: there will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
In the Monteverde district of Rome, residents have been trying to contact the water company Acea. The leaking water pipes that flood Via Gaetano Storchi 24 hours a day are not only a threat to the stability of the houses and the road. Huge amounts of drinking water are wasted on watering gardens, washing cars or pools. The irony is that although the city administration is not repairing the leak, Mayor Virginia Raggi has already asked residents at the beginning of the summer to drink the water sparingly. Drinking water should not be wasted on watering gardens, washing cars or pools. Of course nobody checks who actually follows this instruction. In just a few days, Acea will no longer be allowed to pump water from nearby Lake Bracciano. The water level of the lake has dropped so much that there is a risk of an environmental disaster.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The UN General Assembly is the UN General Assembly of the United Nations. The UN General Assembly is the UN body of all the countries that have nuclear weapons.
Children's health and the future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. The WHO, UNICEF and The Lancet have published a report called "A Future for the World's Children?" The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and marketing practices that force heavily foods, sugary drinks, alcohol and tobacco on children.
Johannes Voggenhuber is a member of the list "Now Now". He is a member of the list "Now Now" from the National Council of the European Parliament. He is also a member of the list "Now Now" from the EU Parliament. He is also a member of the list "Initiative 1 Europe". He invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to join the initiative. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens. Money from the list "Initiative 1 Europe" and from the list "Now Now" will be used to finance the initiative.
Hong Kong is mourning the death of the oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region. Jia Jia was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. Jia Jia was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three. She was so exhausted that she was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region. Veterinarians from the Departments of Agriculture, Fisheries, Conservation and Ocean Park decided to euthanize her for ethical reasons and to avoid further suffering for Jia Jia. "We knew this day was coming, but it's still sad for everyone at the park, especially the zoo keepers who have cared for them for years," said Ocean Park CEO Leo Kung. Birthday cake For her 37th birthday, Jia Jia enjoyed a colorful birthday cake made of water ice, decorated with fruit and bamboo shoots. At the time, Jia Jia broke the record for the oldest captive panda. According to the environmental organization, there are only 2,000 giant pandas left in the wild.
Norbert Schnedl is the new head of the civil servants' union. He is the new chairman of the civil servants' union. Schnedl is the head of the Christian Union. He is the head of the Christian Union. He is also the head of the Red Party. He is calling for a radical reduction in working hours for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. As is well known, the People's Party calls for more flexible working hours, which has nothing to do with a reduction. And the more closely one listens to the party, the more often one hears calls for longer working hours. So Schnedl gets excited. In the KURIER interview on Thursday, the new boss of the civil servants' union specified his ideas. Schnedl says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a normal 8-hour day would mean 28 hours per week.
The 27th New Year's Eve Festival in Vienna was held on January 27th. The festival was held at 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m. The festival started with fireworks on the Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th. The festival will be held on the Danube Islands from June 23rd to 25th. There will be a tribute for the Falco tribute. The tribute will include the German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja. On Sunday, the festival stage is all about Rainhard Fendrich. He will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Mando Diao and Der Nino from Vienna will perform there on Saturday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday. Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti will be performing on Saturday. Futurezone editor Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time. Incidentally, you can get all the information about the Danube Island Festival via the free Donauinsel app.
The ORF has revised its TVthek. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. New background color The TVthek is now black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern: if you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites. The search offers targeted suggestions. New sections New sections are on the one hand the "In Focus" topic page on major current topics, on the other hand the "Last Chance" - here the user is informed of content that will soon have to be removed from the TVthek due to the seven-day rule. There will also be references to the upcoming program with trailers etc.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Ankerbrot wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a statement on Tuesday. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers, not just vegans, increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. New vegan snack bars developed This branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are planned, the company said. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000 euros.
More and more Austrians are buying security doors for their apartments and houses in Austria. The number of burglaries fell in Austria in 2015 compared to the previous year. The demand for security doors for apartments increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. The demand for security doors for apartments and houses in Austria increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. Apartment doors are usually only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. The topics of the refugee crisis and the state of emergency have dominated the media for months. These are fear-related topics. By becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, hardly anyone would believe it. But the fourth announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the state chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months, which has become a kind of super department. It is a double burden that is too much for the 69-year-old. There were rumors in Berlin that he will resign from office. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country became more divided. But as soon as he took office, he started a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany, without giving any constructive suggestions from it. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition.
The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from the supermarket. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the traditional recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food industry in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," says VKI project manager Birgit Beck. "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the list of ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food industry in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all."
Kobe Bryant is a basketball player from Los Angeles, California. Kobe Bryant was born in 1946 and played for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. Kobe Bryant was also a basketball player from 1996 to 2016. He won 5 NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain. Kobe Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and 3 other daughters. There were no survivors on board, the police wrote. The helicopter crashed in the fog on Sunday morning and burst into flames, the Los Angeles Times had previously reported. In the evening it was confirmed: On board the helicopter was Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna. The fifth fatality was the pilot. The former LA Lakers player is considered one of the greatest basketball players in sports history ( see pictures below ). Bryant played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP (Most Valuable Player) award for the NBA's most valuable player. Kobe Bryant won his first three titles alongside Shaquille O'Neal. The friction between the two superstars "Shaq" and Kobe made plenty of headlines. "There are no words to describe the pain I am going through at the tragic loss of my niece Gigi & my brother @kobebryant," O'Neal wrote on Twitter. "I love you and will miss you." Bryant was remembered at several NBA games on Sunday, including Jakob Pöltl's San Antonio Spurs home game against the Toronto Raptors. Both teams paid tribute to Bryant with a special gesture. They let the shot clock run down the first 24 seconds without attacking the basket.
The new section control on the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria is an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety, explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible. The new section control on the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria is an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers.
The US Democrats elected civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez as their new leader on Saturday. The 55-year-old, who actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton in the presidential primary, defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders, who lost in the primary. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his inferior competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. They will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President of the Austrian Republic. Since there is currently no formal Christmas amnesty in Austria, this task has been taken over by National Council President Doris Bures. Bures said: "The Christmas amnesty has a very long tradition in Austria, which should not be interrupted in this special year".
In the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel, the situation is very bad. There are 900 Caritas employees who are mainly employed in mobile care. But there are still around 80 job vacancies in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel area. There is a risk of a shortage of nursing staff. For this purpose, Caritas is promoting 18 training centers for nursing and social care. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria.
Prince William was there along with Princess Kate. You and the fans would have wished for another coronation of the tennis king. That he can curtsy in front of the royal box after the game. Instead, everyone bowed to Novak Djokovic. Because at Wimbledon he was crowned king. For the fifth time. And he gave the spoilsport for Federer's fans for the third time. Federer won 7: 6, 7: 6, 7: 6, 4: 6, 13:12. At 4:57 hours it was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of him.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a decree. The decree is related to the expansion of the range of tasks for the police stand-by unit in Vienna. The police can now use tasers. The police stand-by can help above all when, for example, when, for example, knife attacks have to be warded off. The taser can help above all when, when, for example, knife attacks have to be warded off. In missions where such attacks are to be expected, the taser should also be available at the scene.
The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) warns that the wooden roller coaster with three roller-coasters of the SpielMaus Holz trademark can become detached from the cars. This could lead to suffocation for small children. There are around 3500 pieces in total, which have been sold through VEDES wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own the roller coaster can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out again, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
Even before the parliamentary vote on a general ban on glyphosate, the University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-containing plant protection products, according to the summary of the study results. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga leader announced on Thursday, Christoph Freund has signed a new contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war.
The first Harry Potter fan event was held in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, in the Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the event, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the characters from the Harry Potter series. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all charges against him. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all charges against him. As expected, the House of Congress, dominated by Trump's Republicans, did not achieve the two-thirds majority needed to condemn Trump for abuse of power or obstruction of congressional investigations. This ends the impeachment process. Trump already sees the acquittal at the highest level as a major victory at the beginning of the new year.
On January 25th, the FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it is against the right-wing extremists. The FPÖ organized the "Akademikerball" because it was against the right-wing extremists.
The world's largest coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, may be in more danger than previously thought. Current aerial photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef in the world.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for, there were already 80 in total this year and more than 200 will probably be there this year. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association (WTV) point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned in a broadcast on Monday. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows.
In 2 minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years: this is the fate of twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome, according to the newspaper La Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was quoted as saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos Islands, there are some giant tortoises. They are called Fernandina giant tortoises. The giant tortoises are believed to be extinct. Scientists have assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints as well as unconfirmed sightings led the IUCN to suspect that there might still be some giant tortoises on the islands. The giant tortoises are also called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that island. They are also called "Lonesome George" when it was discovered on Pinta Island in 1971. George died in 2012 at the age of 90.
The Austrian team players will not have dared to glance at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but a draw was enough for the defending champions in the duel with Croatia in Bordeaux. The Croatians, on the other hand, also knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams. Bordeaux venue In the top game for group victory, Spain quickly left no doubts. It was already 1-0 in the 7th minute after a dream move: Silva played deep to Fàbregas. What looked easy was actually high skill. It was the third EM goal for the 23-year-old. This is not the only reason why Morata is currently on everyone's lips. The forward on loan to Juventus belongs to Real and the Spaniards can and want to bring him back for €30m by June 30. But he should not play in Madrid, but be resold at a high price. Chelsea and Arsenal are interested.
How voluntary is the voluntary nature of the 12-hour day? Can employees really refuse the 11th and 12th working hours? The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. After cases in Vienna, Tyrol and Salzburg, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer in writing from the outset. A new employee from Spittal an der Drau was asked to declare her “express and voluntary willingness” to work up to 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week. Otherwise, she probably wouldn't have gotten the job.
The Netherlands have introduced a new speed limit on the motorways. The speed limit is 100 km/h. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround: A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new speed limit is well received by the Dutch people. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined in a survey that 51 percent of people rejected the new speed limit.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The starchy chestnuts, which are actually a special further breeding of chestnuts, are eaten in autumn and the winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients of the chestnuts shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy snack. What the chestnuts can do for you:
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicles, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to the top security level. For this purpose, 6 of the most modern fire-fighting vehicles will be purchased this year and next year from the fire-fighting workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the class had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth, as the mother of a student tells the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. In principle, however, the problem is everywhere where there are oaks.
A strong earthquake in Greece has killed at least two people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) also spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the Aegean island Kos was hit by a small earthquake, buildings showed cracks or even collapsed. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from the earthquake, no people were injured according to initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with 2 helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage was especially in the center of the city, where dozens of bars are located. At the time of the earthquake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar collapsed, the mayor told ERT. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two young tourists were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in danger, ERT reported. The governor of the province of Mugla, Esengul Civelek, told the state news agency Anadolu that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage. "We were able to contact all districts," said Civelek, even if there were some problems with the power supply. Some people would spend the night outdoors for fear of more aftershocks. It was not until mid-June that the earth trembled on the islands of Lesbos, Chios and on the west coast of Turkey. One person died on Lesvos and many houses were destroyed.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness.
The sparkling wine industry in Austria has collapsed since 2015. The sparkling wine industry in Austria has collapsed by 20 percent since the sparkling wine tax in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the sparkling wine industry to collapse by 20 percent. The sparkling wine industry in Austria is now worth around 15 million euros. The sparkling wine industry in Austria is now worth around 15 million euros. The sparkling wine industry in Austria is now worth around 15 million euros. The sparkling wine industry in Austria is worth around 15 million euros. The sparkling wine industry in Austria is worth around 15 million euros. In the previous year, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria, significantly fewer than before the reintroduction of the sparkling wine tax in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the sparkling wine market to collapse by 20 percent. The sparkling wine industry in Austria is worth around 15 million euros.
Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, but he is not a good choice for Mercedes. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of the car. But is he the right choice? Experts like Pat Symonds and Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical engineer at Mercedes. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of the car. But is he the right choice for Mercedes? Experts like Pat Symonds and Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical engineer at Mercedes. But he is not a good choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of the car. He is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of the car. "People will notice and evaluate every action I take." Probably also Rosberg himself, who insisted on stopping by the test drives on Wednesday. Look who's popping in for a chat! Hey @nico_rosberg???? Nice to see you back in the garage #F1 #F1Testing pic.twitter.com/fGlO3uhyFz #F1 #F1Testing pic.twitter.com/fGlO3uhyFz — Mercedes-AMG F1 (@MercedesAMGF1) March 1, 2017 Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of the car.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 did the same thing. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap and then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example. Be careful with antibacterial soap
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. Stress relief for Japanese macaques is also important.