"Journey around the World" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st at the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. The musical is based on the novel by Jules Vernes. "Around the world in 80 days or how many operas fit into a musical?" The world premiere will be celebrated next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it was decided that the musical should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature.
The Upper Austrian Helmut Gragger will open the social bakery "Gragger & Chorherr" in Vienna next week. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social business came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Helmut Gragger in an interview with KURIER. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old Helmut Gragger met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. How is Helmut Gragger happy to be able to be a baker, allowed to build something, to be allowed to create a place that has a bigger goal - namely education and training - is great joy. The former politician will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Helmut Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from the Upper Austrian from Strobl on the Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than two decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Upper Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years." An employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the bakery in the Nordbahnviertel: "When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone just wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without the customers noticing that we're training. Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal: "What else is supposed to change the world apart from education?" Next year we will be opening in cooperation with Caritas in Serbia and in Cooperation with a Roma association in Albania.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, met with the Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz. The President of the United States is known to be very tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the President of the United States sees the United States being cheated by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House.
Worms are very dangerous for dogs and cats. They can spread diseases in Europe and in humans and dogs. Worms are very dangerous for dogs and cats. They can spread to humans and dogs. Worms can spread diseases in humans and dogs. They can spread to animals and dogs. They can also spread to humans and dogs. When a mosquito sucks the blood of an infected cat, it ingests the worm. With the next sting, she carries the parasite to a new host. The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the eyeworm. If left untreated, the retina is damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm The skinworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years and release their larvae into the blood again and again. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the cat suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The therapy can be carried out with medication or by a surgical intervention. The patient can hardly be saved. Protective measures Dogs and cats should be dewormed regularly. In addition, the veterinarian advises: "There is no vaccination against worms, but there are effective repellents that keep mosquitoes away." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles, and other animals? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and was interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned 3 traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green is his hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to regional media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the traffic light in front of Parliament. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer: If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop. If they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the traffic light. 3 weeks after it was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty. Westminster sank again into traffic chaos. But the story of the traffic light had only just begun with the spectacular false start. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber is the new party chairman of the Carinthian ÖVP. He is the mayor of the community of Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She resides in the German town of Pinneberg and has Down syndrome. The latter is the reason why a so-called severely handicapped ID card was issued in her name. The ID card is a proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. Hannah wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. She wrote an article about her project. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-inorder ID card. I think that the severely handicapped ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was born in Stockholm in 1912. He worked as a secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. And he saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least 5 years after his disappearance, and there are traces of his life up to the end of July 1947. However, it is known from secure sources that Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947," said Pia Gustafsson of the Swedish Revenue Agency.
Life expectancy of men is increasing worldwide. According to the World Health Organization, men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer. The causes of the shorter life expectancy of men are various. Of the 40 leading causes of death, 33 have a greater impact on male life expectancy than women. The largest differences are in coronary heart disease (costs men 0.84 years more than women), traffic accidents (costs men 0.47 years more than women), lung cancer (costs men 0.4 years more than women) and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (cost men 0.36 years more than women). The differences are smallest where women do not have good access to health services. The reason is maternal mortality. In over 90 percent of low-income countries, fewer than 4 medical nurses, such as midwives, are responsible for childbirth for 1,000 women.
Gucci, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein, Calvin Klein - only the brightest names in the fashion world were on the packaging that was transported to Vienna by air freight. The problem with it: The articles, which have an original value of 5.2 million euros, were all counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. Experts say that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
"Oh," an excited murmur goes through the crowd that has gathered in front of the panda enclosure in Schönbrunn Zoo. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. The 3 year old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother and her sister are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," laughs Flora. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. Premiere The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people. For many, the middle of life is reached. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not resilient or often ill, not willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. And the other prejudices? Counter them proactively. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume. What distinguishes over 50-year-olds on the labor market from younger job changers? The qualifications of many of today's 50-year-olds, who were well-trained specialists at the beginning of their careers, have often not been able to keep up with rapid digital progress. That's why continuing education is so important to them. Those over 50 who invest in cross-industry skills score particularly well here: foreign languages, IT or key skills such as project or process management. It's important for transitioners over 50 to know their strengths.
In Burgenland, the Red Cross First Responders are usually the first to respond in emergencies. The Red Cross First Responders are usually the first to respond in emergencies and can save lives. Andreas Gruber has been a Red Cross First Responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on the weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber, who works on a voluntary basis. About 2,500 times a year, the Red Cross First Responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
It's surprisingly easy to get into conversation on a Wednesday evening in the language café. The meeting is set up in a street bar of the association Station Wien at Einsiedlerplatz in Vienna-Margareten. On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn different languages. On the tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. Meeting Zone The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. "But first I have to improve my German skills". Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay here." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." Project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners, from all countries. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here." The Vienna station organized the first "Mama Learns German" courses 15 years ago. Today they are available in cooperation with municipal kindergartens throughout Vienna. The language café was set up three years ago. "Because course participants complained that they learned German but didn't know anyone with whom they could speak German," explains Niklas. The association does not want to make any money with the café, which offers a living room atmosphere. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cake. The cake is affordable at one euro each.
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be one month old. The twins are now a boy and a girl. The twins are still not yet known. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock. They can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat.
A truck driver from the Amstetten district is said to have let a ten-year-old drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height, the Lower Austrian police said.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), six draws and seven defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light-heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics. At the Olympics, Cassius knocked out the Belgian Becaus in the second round of the first fight.
On Thursday, the National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted for the changes. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System on Thursday. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench: the body reacts to heavy exertion by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the underwear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of the Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. "However, if you train hard, things need to be washed every time."
The government in Austria passed a number of laws in the National Council in 2018. Some of the most controversial laws were: a ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, and a ban on knives for foreigners. The government also wants to ban the symbols of extremist organizations, especially those from Islamic countries, whose goals contradict the basic values of the Republic of Austria.
The kitchen cleaning service was to blame. Hassan (17) was tasked with keeping the kitchen clean in the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt. When he takes a pot of hot water off the stove, empties it and puts it in the dishwasher, he gets into an argument with a roommate: he wants to cook eggs in the water. The two teenagers begin to fight, one pinches the other in the privates. When Sophie Pogats, the manager of the refugee accommodation, found out about the incident, she banned Hassan and his cronies from the house. The two have 24 hours to calm down. They have to spend the night with friends or in the Caritas emergency shelter for young people. Only then are they allowed to return to their quarters. Pogats does not dial the emergency number for the police. But Rudolf Greul, the refugee contact officer, informs the police immediately.
Numerous home remedies are recommended for migraine pain, but only a few have actually been tested. A recent study has confirmed the effectiveness of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group also received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen). The patients filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, after 2 hours, and after 1 and a half and two hours. In addition, the intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides will invite you to a tour of the Vienna monuments. The meeting point for the tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. If you want to look at several objects in the course of a walk, you have to put them together yourself. Info: All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: From Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library.
The judiciary will also be ordered to cut staff with the 2018/19 budget. There is massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this - first - protest will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the protest, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures. Because with the planned cuts, the courts could not maintain their services and quality to the extent planned. The police force will be increased at the same time, which would mean more reports and more work for the criminal courts. There is also a risk of an extension for asylum procedures, as positions at the Federal Administrative Court are to be axed.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian Heinz-Christian also experienced the consequences of sexist postings at a late hour. On the evening of Shrove, the ORF anchorman Armin Wolf posted a photo of him with the ORF anchorman Armin Strache. The photo was posted on Facebook, alongside the text: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed out of court.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, in Burgenland, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, in Burgenland, is orphaned because it is closed during the summer months. According to Statistics Austria, the care facilities in Burgenland are closed the most in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is 11 days. Solution The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only offer childcare for five days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach. Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her 2 children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation during the summer. "If we didn't have childcare for four weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother. Cooperation Mayors Leo Radakovits from Neuberg and Thomas Novoszel from Güttenbach, both from ÖVP, started planning at the beginning of the year. "Our kindergartens are only two kilometers away as the crow flies," says Novoszel. So the cooperation is a logical step. The educators of the two communities have coordinated. The employees in Neuberg had vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. "So we only have one week without care and there are no additional costs for the parents or the communities," says Radakovits.
This study is a motivation to push yourself to physical activity, even when the weather is not so bright or the couch beckons: women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to researchers, the colossus will probably detach itself from the Larsen C ice shelf in the polar sea. With an area of around 5,000 square kilometers, it is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice there. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The crack is not caused by an increase in temperature. Experts refer to floating ice masses that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of four distinct areas, of which Larsen C is the largest. According to the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, which conducts research in polar regions, the ice shelves A and B disintegrated a few years ago.
The world's first floating farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing. For the city of Rotterdam, the floating farm closes an ecological cycle: recycling and upcycling of biomass is used for the production of dairy products. The cowshed is also used for parks. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
In the spring of 2017, there will be a new drink called " Kombucha ". The new drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and maple syrup. It is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many soft drinks. And with a dash of gin, the vinegar drink really has summer drink potential. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring of 2017. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol, this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate". And how about the trends in your favorite summer activity, the barbecue? Swineapple Swineapple is now enjoyed there. Behind it is pork, which is stuffed into a hollowed-out pineapple, which in turn is wrapped in bacon.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least 3 deep breaths. An insult has the opposite effect of holding your breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation, and history. If you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are most vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The copper it contains - 100 grams contain 30 percent of the daily requirement. The shiitake mushrooms have strong and shiny hair. Vitamin D, which many people do not have enough, can be absorbed not only from the sun but also from shiitake mushrooms.
Vienna is one of the unfriendliest cities in the world for expats. This is revealed by the "Expat City Ranking 2018". In the overall ranking, Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of those who surveyed found that it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the national language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make friends with Austrians. 42 percent said it was easy to make new friends with Austrians.
It's Christmas time in many parts of the world. For example, Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is also spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on that day in another part of the world, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Chicken is the order of the day in Japan. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, eight times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of the festival as the gifts for the children. Speaking of the fact that the tropics have become more important as a place of Christmas, there are very natural reasons: While our living rooms first have to be decorated with poinsettias or Advent stars, the plant scientifically called "Euphorbia pulcherrima" just grows there in parks and on the roadside. Poinsettia Seen in this way, it transforms large parts of Mexico to the Caribbean, from Brazil and Venezuela to Argentina into real Christmas landscapes. With hues ranging from deep red to pink to white, it may also have been the inspiration for another South American Christmas attraction: Rio de Janeiro's floating Christmas tree. It stands on a pedestal in a lake near the botanical garden and thanks to its height of 85 meters it is also in the Guinness Book of Records. 2.9 million miniature light bulbs, dozens of kilometers of light chains and thousands of flashing lights ensure changing colors and effects. Whether in gold, decorated or as a festive green tree, the imposing steel construction of the tree of lights has developed into another tourist attraction since it first appeared in 1996, alongside carnival and New Year's Eve celebrations.
In the new year, there will be joint teacher training courses at teacher training colleges (PH) and universities. In addition, a new career model for young scientists comes into effect, which allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the PH. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and clusters or associations. In practice, four associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg ), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
A person who has ever been abandoned by their partner knows how painful a separation can be. Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She also worked as a crisis care mother, so you always have to say goodbye to foster children. Together with her colleague, Beatrix Roidinger, the life and social counselor has now founded the Vienna's first separation outpatient clinic. The separation outpatient clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings about the separation. The separation outpatient clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings about the separation. The separation outpatient clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings about the separation.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The spacecraft is called "Chandrayaan-2". The spacecraft was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the Indian space agency. A week ago, the start of the spacecraft had been canceled. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. In the past, there were only 1,700 organizations. In the future, there will be only 1,700 organizations in Austria. For example, in 2017, there were only 1,700 organizations in Austria. In the future, there will be only 1,700 organizations in Austria. For example, in 2017, around 400 organizations were newly recognized. There are also new requirements for civil servants: the supervisors in the facilities must complete an e-learning about the alternative military service with a final examination. To ensure that the knowledge acquired is not forgotten, the course must be attended again every three years. Anyone who fails is no longer allowed to act as a superior. Basic knowledge in history Something has also been planned for the civil servants to learn. Citizens are obliged to complete an e-learning about the history of Austria and the basic principles of the constitution, the legal system and the EU law. If the final test is passed positively, this should be included in the so-called competence balance sheet, which is handed out to every civil servant at the end of his service. Of course: Whoever skips the module does not have to fear any legal consequences. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for 18 days often results in chain sick leave in practice. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
In the Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading the security system since 2017, security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, is glad. "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country house. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, ÖVP. "That has changed fundamentally." In the Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading the security system since 2017, security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In the Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading the security system since 2017, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country house.
The Austrian Football League (ÖFB) played a match against Germany. The match was played in the Wörthersee Stadium in Austria. The match started at 9:33 p.m. The match ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria played the match with a lot of ball possession, but Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. The goalkeepers of Austria played the match with a lot of ball possession, but Austria played well. The goalkeepers of Austria played back to goalie Siebenhandl, whose unsuccessful shot landed on Özil, who thanked him with the 0:1 (11th). Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant goal. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). Austria's team boss Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Franco Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Franco Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in central midfield and Alaba on the left. Germany controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, but Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. The goalkeepers of Austria defended well and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities, but Austria failed twice. Only gradually did Austria improve and direct the actions more deeply. Germany's national coach Joachim Löw fiddled around in the coaching zone with dissatisfaction. Austria took more risk, finally created pressure and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and three minutes later Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Lainer, who put it back to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria defended the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them celebrated a historic victory.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, said Gerrit Bradnick. The accident happened near Carletonville, southwest of Johannesburg. Distress Alert is a private rescue service.
There are many organizations in Vienna that collect donations for the poorest children. The City of Vienna has also launched a campaign called "Voluntary in Vienna". This campaign is called "Christmas in a shoebox". In this campaign, you pack up presents the size of a shoebox and give them to a family. You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, even adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or especially near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
In 1878, scientists found a spectacular grave in Birka, Sweden. The grave was found with a long sword, a battle axe, arrows, a spear, two shields and two horses. The person was buried with so much equipment must have been a great warrior or leader. The grave has been known for a long time that the Vikings fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed. The gene sequencing was preceded by osteological investigations, since female characteristics had been discovered on the skeleton. In the 8th century, the settlement of Birka was considered an important trading center inhabited by up to 1000 people.
The ORF will appoint the new directors of the Austrian Radio. The Austrian Radio is an independent radio station in Austria. The Austrian Radio is a radio station in Austria owned by the Austrian Federal Government. The Austrian Radio is an independent radio station in Austria owned by the Austrian Federal Government. The Austrian Radio is an independent radio station in Austria owned by the Austrian Federal Government. The Austrian Radio is an independent radio station in Austria owned by the Austrian Federal Government. The Austrian Radio is the only radio station in Austria owned by the Austrian Federal Government. The Austrian Radio is an independent radio station in Austria owned by the Austrian Federal Government. The Austrian Radio is an independent radio station owned by the Austrian Federal Government.
US President Donald Trump and North Korea's ruler Kim Jong-un will meet again eight months after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim emphasized his basic willingness to "complete denuclearization", i.e. nuclear disarmament. But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear arsenal and what the US could do in return. The leader of the isolated country has repeatedly accused Washington of wanting to force North Korea into nuclear disarmament. Recently, Pyongyang has therefore increased its call for international sanctions to be relaxed. The leader of the isolated country also cited its own denuclearization moves, including dismantling its nuclear test site and rocket engine test facility. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months," Trump said. "If I hadn't been elected President of the United States, I think we would be locked in a major war with North Korea, potentially killing millions." There is still a lot of work to be done, but his relationship with Kim is good. Secret services see it differently The US secret services recently made it clear that there is currently no evidence that North Korea is willing to completely give up its nuclear weapons of mass destruction. These would also be used as a political security to continue the communist system of rule in North Korea.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser lived up to her role as favorite and won in the BigAir (click here for the article). Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday. According to the AMS, most sanctions were due to work/training being refused or frustrated. A total of around 11,700 of these were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses, almost 7,200 more than in the previous year.
18 minutes past midnight in Doha. Verena Preiner grabs her head, then kneels, puts it on the tartan track in the Khalifa Stadium. It's just a dream, as long as you can enjoy the red area after an 800 meter run. Bronze in the heptathlon, the queen discipline in women's sports. "It's incredible!" beamed the 24-year-old Verena Preiner. "I'm overjoyed. It's just a dream! Thanks to everyone who has supported me so far." After the hoped-for (bronze) medal from discus thrower Lukas Weißhaidinger, Verena Preiner managed a real surprise. The Upper Austrian started a terrific race to catch up on Thursday, which only ended with the bronze medal. This makes Doha 2019 the most successful World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. In sixth place, 34 points behind bronze and with high hopes, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson, while Nafissatou Thiam from Belgium could no longer take silver. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. After that she threw her spear at 46.68 meters. Although she was almost 3 meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan Belgrade, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said Luiz. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals envisage that all people in the world have access to clean energy, water and sanitation by the year 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis in Laxenburg near Vienna. The study showed that average incomes are rising in developing countries, but the living standards of the poorest people, for example in the form of access to sanitation facilities and clean energy, cannot keep up. This is shown by a study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis in Laxenburg near Vienna, which was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters".
The new protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded on April 26, 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to "protect the whole planet and humanity from the radioactive contamination," said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons of heavy metal. The protective cover is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the cost of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now they have had their daughter, Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother takes care of the offspring. Graziela and Gabriel have been living on the street for years. They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened, both stressed. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel. "That's exactly the problem. The authorities are not concerned with the rehabilitation and reintegration of young people into society, but only with 'cleaning' the city - especially now in the run-up to the Olympic Games," says Sebastiao de Andrade. The 58-year-old is one of the supervisors at a day center that takes care of street children and is supported by the Epiphany Campaign of the Catholic youth group.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no research study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account. For the new research, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For the Pannonian Food Bank, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. And then there is the “living room” where people talk about death and life. The Tafel opens its doors 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students made themselves. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is urgently needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum income standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523
An unusually powerful tropical cyclone has made landfall on India's east coast. With wind speeds of up to 195 kilometers per hour, the tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people had previously been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the tropical cyclone uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were destroyed. No injuries or deaths were reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to 200,000 people.
Rosie is 58 years old. She was homeless when she was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice, she says. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. Susanne Peter, senior social worker at the crypt, helped her find a place to stay. She worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible, says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros per month to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit her party and to organize tournaments in card games and puzzles. A few years ago, when she was even better on her feet, she also cooked for the homeless. "The tomb helped me, and if they need help there now, I'll help. Of course," says Rosie. Psychological help Rosie has also been doing psychotherapy in the crypt for 3 weeks. "That would be good for all of our clients," says Susanne Peter. Because more and more people need psychological help in addition to support when looking for accommodation or dealing with authorities. "Social work is reaching its limits," says Peter. Five therapists and psychologists are currently on duty in the crypt. The therapists and psychologists are financed by the Kardinal König sponsorship between Raiffeisen and KURIER. Since 2005, donations have been made to the crypt on a regular basis. So far, almost 500,000 euros in donations have been collected. Donation account: AT46 3200 0000 0811 9901 INFO: www.gruft.at
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said it. She said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction," explained the Chancellor. The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the need for a pan-European solution had been pushed aside. "A lot of refugees came back in 2004 and 2005 - and we left it to Spain and others at the external borders to deal with it." At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time, Germany didn't adequately address the issue. This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders.
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. Mervyn Rose was a tennis star who won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Mervyn Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one in mixed in Australia, at the US Open and in Wimbledon. As a coach, Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez, among others. Mervyn Rose was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of nominating Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the nomination of the Frenchwoman. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
Adults are affected by a cold 2 to 3 times a year, and children even suffer from a viral infection of the nasal mucosa 6 to 8 times a year. They often hear from their parents: "Don't wind up, blow your nose!" This is not only wrong, but can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp, head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine, says: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid." Unlike when an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells that are created by the permanent defensive struggle. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability Univ.-Prof. Rasp : "Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football games. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate.
Atletico Madrid won the fifth European Cup Final since 2010. The Spaniards won the final European Cup Final against the French team Marseille. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup, after a 2-1 win in Madrid and a 0-0 draw in Marseille in 2008 in the Champions League.
German researchers have now found out which type of movement improves the brain. They studied volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class for a period of 18 months. In the study, they were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises under the name "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics). They want to test the benefits of music and active participation in music in a study with dementia patients.
In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2014 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2014 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2014 there were 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy.
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today alone, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is still open of using the registration period for another referendum.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain sets will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains makes barrier-free entry possible. The first eight trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More connections will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM - Persons with Reduced Mobility) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged on the night train. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba, Cuba's chief negotiator said. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba. By 2030 more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center spoke of a hurricane in Florida. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing the police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. Panama City Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off on every single block". When Hurricane "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as the highest hurricane of all time. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-west tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had rapidly gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the area. But many did not. The National Hurricane Center said there had never been a hurricane recorded in the region. It is therefore an event that is as historic as it is dangerous. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The World Cup will be held in 2026 in Zurich, Switzerland. The World Cup will be the biggest event in the soccer world. The World Cup is the biggest event in the soccer world. The World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the world. The World Cup will be held in Zurich, Switzerland. The World Cup will last 32 days and take place in twelve stadiums. The World Cup is the most important event in the soccer world.
From 2019, Austria will have a new law. The law says that patients and doctors will have access to the electronic health record. Patients and doctors will be able to request the data. The law says that anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for reimbursement of costs - such as a doctor or a doctoral student - has a legal right to it, says Werner Reiter. Is that important? There are highly controversial opinions on this. Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable for long-term studies. She says that the fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age was only determined by such data. Citizen data is also indispensable for economic policy. Data protectionists argue that sensitive information about the state of health of people can flow to the economy.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine immediately spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also among the standard ingredients. The researchers found that homemade sunscreens are not effective against the sun's dangerous UV radiation.
For twenty years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring African countries had been fighting each other for 2 years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the states repeatedly escalated. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war between Eritrea and Ethiopia was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Borissov and EU Council President Donald Tusk took part in the meetings with Austria's Prime Minister Sebastian Kurz. At first, however, only the camera teams that accompanied Borissow, Borissow and Tusk on the short walk down to the Schafalm were in close contact with the 3 top politicians. At first, however, only the numerous camera teams that accompanied Borissow, Borissow and Tusk on the short walk down to the Schafalm were in close contact with the 3 top politicians. After the talks with Borissov and Tusk, Austria wanted to be a “bridge builder” in order to reduce the “tensions” that had arisen in the EU. The focus of the six-month presidency is to be placed on the issue of security. "We want to create a Europe that protects," said the chancellor, using the official motto. For Tusk, who greeted media representatives and onlookers with a "First of all: Hello!", Austria could not have chosen a better motto for the Council Presidency. Bulgaria's Prime Minister Borissov finally handed over the presidency of the Council to Kurz with an EU pennant, in the style of the ongoing World Cup.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. It can be produced by the body so that the vitamin can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About two servings of oily fish or at least 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health - numerous studies have shown connections with various diseases such as depression, asthma, cancer or multiple sclerosis. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. This is because the track bed of the U4 will be completely rebuilt. The track bed will also be rebuilt and the tracks will be completely rebuilt. There are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. The 14 vehicles will not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 passengers who travel daily on the U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as a replacement service. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the track bed of the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or by trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should generally allow ten to 20 minutes more travel time for your route during the closure.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese team scored a spectacular goal against Hungary in France. Portugal scored 4 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary won the match with a long-range shot from 20 meters. Portugal scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Cristiano Ronaldo scored 2 goals in the first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 1 goal in their first match against Hungary. The Portuguese were absent from the starting XI, and Joao Mario replaced Ricardo Quaresma. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Portugal scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 3 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungarian B-Elf Hungary coach Bernd Storck refrained from using the regular players who had already been booked with yellow cards. Tamas Kadar, Laszlo Kleinheisler, Adam Nagy and Krisztian Nemeth, who have already been warned once, were therefore only on the bench. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Portugal scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 1 goal in their first match against Hungary.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz has died at the age of 78 years old. The Los Angeles-born producer was best known for his collaborations with George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films - also alongside George Lucas. With "Star Wars" (1977) and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He also produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, An Honorable Theft and An Honorable Theft.
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks. It came as a bit of a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," says Julian Baumgartlinger. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium.
Unpunctual customer appointments, notorious criticism during team meetings, endless discussions on banal topics: Complicated colleagues can make everyday work difficult for them and their employees. "While communication with our team should actually provide a fruitful exchange and a variety of solutions, we often face certain hurdles in direct contact with complicated colleagues. In order to overcome this, it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. "Affected employees contribute to the know-it-all appearance by flattering the know-it-all or agreeing with them. However, the opposite behavior is not advisable, because contradiction and counter-action only drive the stubborn person to want to prove himself even more. Better: Detach yourself from the emotions, try to think rationally and frame the criticism in the form of questions. This creates a more pleasant working atmosphere and better results," says the expert. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. The pessimist is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, the chaotic people are often planned. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results. "When dealing with the chaos head, the following rules applies: hold back your own opinion and don't try to change your colleagues. Instead, praise the creative chaos for positive behavior. This motivates him and strengthens the willingness to communicate. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
This year the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to four winners on three continents on Tuesday. The Right Livelihood Award Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel Prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 decades. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food”, which improved the lives of 400 million people. The award, which is worth around 105,000 euros each, goes to the Ethiopian Yetnebersh Nigussie for her commitment to people with disabilities in Africa and worldwide. Investigative journalist Khadija Ismayilova from Azerbaijan receives the award for her courageous exposure of corruption at the highest level of government, which landed her in prison. The non-endowed honorary award goes to the American environmental lawyer Robert Bilott, who represented 70,000 citizens in the US state of West Virginia in a legal dispute about drinking water. With their courageous work, the award winners met some of the world's most pressing challenges.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the plane bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again thoroughly inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew many comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is venturing into the home of espresso and cappuccino. According to Italian entrepreneur Antonio Percassi, who is working on behalf of the US giant for Starbucks' entry into the Italian market, 300 new stores are to be built in the next 6 years. The opening of the first Italian store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built in the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombardy city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities.
The broadcaster ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" is a PR product for the police. "As with all productions, editorial sovereignty lies with ATV," the broadcaster said in a statement on Tuesday. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. They have been working with the police for over 10 years and also maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units". The broadcaster emphasized that this planned program will not change, even if employees of the Ministry of the Interior might have liked to do it differently. In the event of an attempted editorial intervention, the format will be stopped.
Kurt Wilhelm, the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on the Neubaugasse in Vienna says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through the Neubaugasse. He said that the shopping street will be greened to avoid urban heat islands. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. "I think the encounter zone is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minutes intervals." On the part of the business people, they don't want to be an obstacle. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions". Peter Herzog, operator of the Sonnentor branch, takes the same view. He doesn't want to be an obstacle, he says. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions".
Hans Peter Doskozil is the leader of the German army. He is the first time in the history of the army that a woman has been elected as the head of the cabinet. The appointment of Alexandra Schrefler-König, judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court, becomes head of the cabinet of Hans Peter Doskozil. This is the first time in the history of the German army that a woman has been elected as the head of the cabinet.
On January 29th, Vox will start the new season of "Kitchen Impossible" with 7 new episodes. In each episode, two chefs travel together to two different places. There, a local chef will serve you his favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will decide how well this has worked. On January 29th, Vox will start the new season of "Kitchen Impossible" with 7 new episodes. In each episode, two of the chefs travel together to two different places. There, they have to find out which and how it is prepared. A jury of regular guests will decide how well this has worked.
Many people complain about the packaging that promises more than what is actually inside. Many people complained about the packaging that promises more than what is actually inside. Some people are not happy with the packaging that promises more than what is actually inside. For example, Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar consists mostly of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. For example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, eggs and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than what is actually inside". Many people complained about the packaging that promises more than what is actually inside. For example, Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar consists mostly of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, just doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are just as unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, eggs, sugar and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil.
The Syrian government has reached an agreement to end the armed conflict in Syria. The government of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. The agreement on a nationwide ceasefire, brokered by Turkey and Russia, is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time. The agreement on a nationwide ceasefire, brokered by Turkey and Russia, is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. The agreement is called "Historical Opportunity". The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be "fully implemented and respected by all parties". "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He added that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat Fatah al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of 7 moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be labeled as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left the country for Canada. She is united with her family, according to her lawyer Saif Ul-Malook. The newspaper's lawyer said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application. According to the newspaper report, the lawyer Asia Bibis lives on in Pakistan. He returned shortly before the court's final decision, having previously stayed abroad for 3 months due to death threats.
On Friday, the authorities in Munich were in the dark for a long time. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2, 300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. Some Munich locals started using the Twitter app and live video from Facebook with direct video transmissions in real time about the OEZ. There are numerous photos of the crime scene that are uploaded. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, four of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a real-time short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. More and more pictures from the crime scene are being distributed online, and some media are using them. The photo from a shopping center in which blood and corpses can be seen, with a reference to the OEZ in Munich (see image on the left), is particularly bold. In fact, the picture is from a robbery near Johannesburg in South Africa. Eyewitness reports of two men jumping into a vehicle at the scene and speeding away. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police received 4,310 emergency calls. In fact, 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of the live reports, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine in the evening, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't three perpetrators. Shots were still fired at Stachus or near Marienplatz. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use of Twitter.
Children who see fast food advertising are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such ads. The children eat fast food if their parents rarely eat fast food. This is indicated by a long-term study by several US universities with 624 children. The children were between 3 and 5 years old. The parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much fast food advertising aimed at children the children had noticed in children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly themselves. Result: Children who had seen a lot of fast food advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as "ad-free" children. Even a small amount of fast food advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
A woman in Germany wanted to stroke her "Dana" one last time. The "Dana" is an Icelandic horse. She used to have the Icelandic horse as a foster horse, a spokesman for the "Dana" said on Thursday. The team from the "Dana" team did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible. The "Dana" owner immediately agreed after the request. There was no question at all about doing it. The "Dana" owner brought the horse with the trailer to Fürth, about 15 kilometers away, and the woman was able to stroke her "Dana" one last time.
Alexander Van der Bellen has died on Sunday night after a short, serious illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife and, together with their two sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. Van der Bellen also mourns with his current wife Doris Schmidauer for their father Ernst Schmidauer, who died on Sunday. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools. In the wild, they don't use any tools at all. In the wild, they use a wooden board, a piece of cardboard or a block of beeswax. In the wild, they use a wooden board, a wooden twig or a piece of cardboard. The birds quickly realized that there was not much to do with the wax, it just stuck to their beaks and let it go. However, all four of them were able to produce useful tools from the wooden board and get to the nut. Those who cut off all the leaves at once were faster than the lazy ones, who first tried it with half-leaf twigs and then had to correct them so that their chopsticks fit through the hole up to the nut. In addition to Figaro, two other cockatoos broke shavings from the larch board and got the reward out of the box.
Spring begins earlier and earlier in the northern hemisphere, especially in the polar regions. In the Arctic, spring starts up to 16 days earlier than it did ten years ago. The reason for this is the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in the lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
After being convicted of three counts of sexual assault, the famous comedian Bill Cosby has started his sentence in prison. The 81-year-old Bill Cosby is a famous comedian in the United States of America. He was convicted of sexual assault in the United States of America. He was sentenced to 3 years and 10 years in prison. He will also face a $25,000 fine and court costs. He declined the opportunity to comment on the verdict. He also did not respond to questions from reporters. His spokesman Andrew Wyatt said after the verdict that Cosby is fine and that God is watching over him. No trial in US history has been more racist and sexist than this one.
With the end of the summer holidays, the large construction sites usually disappear from the streets again. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. You can't just pick a cycle path there. Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has struggled in many countries with the service being used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary of WhatsApp announced this on Monday in Jakarta, Indonesia. The five-recipient limit was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world.
Honey bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen of all kinds around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink the sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the queens. Honey bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals in Europe. They are much more colorful than yellow-brown stripes. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the bees and their close relatives are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Brodschneider. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended seven hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all?
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, it is struggling for air: colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical cold in humans. The veterinarian explains which symptoms bother the cat and what helps.
In the future, only Fiaker horses will be allowed to work every other day. In the future, the horses will only be allowed to work every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only animals may be used as draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse. The city wants to pay more attention to "animal welfare-related issues" such as the effects of wearing a muzzle, tying the tail or regular feeding. The focus is on increased reconnaissance and controls. The amendment to the Fiaker and Horse Rental Car Act should pass the legislation committee in June and then be decided in the state parliament.
The Global Strike For Future is an international climate-protection movement. It is organized by a group called "Global Strike For Future". Global Strike For Future is a group of people who organize climate-protection protests around the world. Global Strike For Future is a group of people who organize climate-protection protests around the world. Global Strike For Future is a group of people who organize protests around the world. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network. Protests on all inhabited continents In Austria, according to the network, the cities of Innsbruck, Klagenfurt and Vienna have so far registered for demonstrations. It is also possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North. In August 2018, Greta Thunberg began demonstrating in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to combat climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
One of the most extraordinary voices in the acting world has died. The actor Peter Matić will never speak again. He was 82 years old. Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he went to the Theater in der Josefstadt before working at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he came to the Burgtheater. In the 25 years he has played no fewer than 85 roles. What was special about Peter Matić was that he could easily fill big games with personality. But he could also turn very small figures into precious gems. His last roles Great examples of this are the last roles he played at the Burgtheater. As a rabbi in the dramatization of Joseph Roth's "Job" (directed by Christian Stückl) he was a small, sad, smiling sage. As a district court counselor in "Glaube Liebe Hoffnung" (Director: Michael Thalheimer) he played an Austrian civil servant threatened with disappearance, whose authority is tugged at by an annoying wife and weak digestion. As the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper, in Reichenau and in Reichenau. He was not only a celebrated actor, but a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
In many cities around the world, thousands of people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride". In London and New York there were many hundreds of people taking part. In Berlin, for example, according to the organizers, around 100 people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride". It was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message. Anyone who boarded with a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh." Bottomless since 2002 The event was launched in New York in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Despite the freezing temperatures, hundreds of people took part in New York again this time - and in Washington, many didn't let the snowfall stop them from taking part. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. Sam opted for a suit - no pants.
Maria Vassilakou will no longer stand as the top candidate of the Austrian Green Party in the next state elections. She will no longer be the top candidate of the Austrian Green Party in the next Vienna state elections. She will be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion for the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. She said that by the time she leaves, all major projects of the state government should be completed or at least "put on track". She summarized the successes of her tenure: from the redesigned Mariahilferstraße to numerous other redesigned districts and streets to the 365-euro annual ticket for public transport to the citizens' solar power plants.
The elephants in the Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. "Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it," said Harald Schwammer, the zoological director of the Vienna Zoo. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, also serves to care for their sensitive skin.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. With a 4-1 win in North Macedonia on Monday, the team clinched their second win in a row, moved up to third place in the Group G and is just one point behind second place in Israel. The team's coach, Franco Foda, said that the team has shown that they can withstand the pressure. The team's goalkeeper Martin Hinteregger scored his own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner. The team's coach said that they played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, they didn't pay attention to the own goal, but they came back anyway. Even when the score was 0:1, the team boss said he had virtually no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well." The coach said that the team has shown that they can withstand the pressure. The team's goalkeeper Martin Hinteregger scored his own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner. The coach said that if you have to or can criticize something, it's the evaluation of chances. The team should have scored one or two more goals, but they're satisfied. "We played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, we didn't pay attention to the own goal, but we came back anyway." Even when the score was 0:1, the team boss said he had virtually no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we also created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well." The coach said that the team has shown that they can withstand the pressure.
Two rabbits from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the shrapnel grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. The women's soccer team was created by the Archbishop of Vienna, Danilo Zennaro. The team consists of Vatican employees and relatives of Vatican officials. "We received the invitation from Vienna and we are really looking forward to this match. The Archbishop of Vienna, Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, assured us that FC Mariahilf is a serious team that is also heavily involved in charity. After the match, we want organize a second leg in the Vatican," says Zennaro. The women's team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue. The women's soccer team also includes some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport," says Zennaro.
Tourists are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy the dolce vita. Police on Tuesday blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the city of Rome. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on the famous Spanish Steps. Violators face fines of up to 400 euros. Other behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned. Chewing gum and red wine stains a nuisance The 18th-century Spanish Steps, which lead to the church of Trinita dei Monti, are one of the most famous tourist attractions in Rome. In 2016 they were renovated for 1.5 million euros. The outside staircase was not only affected by air pollution, but also by chewing gum, coffee and red wine stains. Other Italian cities are trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists recently had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." - "Many patients still hear this when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. The topic is not taken seriously," says gastroenterologist Thomas Matthias Scherzer. He opened the first "fatty liver center" in Vienna. "In the case of fatty liver, one can speak of an approaching avalanche," says Univ.-Prof. Michael Trauner, Head of the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at MedUni Vienna. "In the past, this topic was underestimated - and sometimes even trivialized. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver."
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria (GCA) on Tuesday morning, investigations continued on Wednesday. The explosion claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the explosion was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district, spokesman Raimund Schwaigerlehner said on request. As the KURIER reported on Tuesday, it is a 32-year-old employee of the TÜV (Technical Monitoring Association).
The City of Vienna will set up 6 new security bollards in Vienna in the future. The city will set up these from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon. Part of Mariahilfer Strasse closed for 4 weeks Furthermore, the road construction in the area of the safety zone has to be strengthened. From today's perspective, this work will take place from the beginning of March. For this purpose, Mariahilfer Strasse from Getreidemarkt to Königsklostergasse will be closed to traffic for 4 weeks. Pedestrians and cyclists should not be affected. Motorists will be able to bypass Windmühlgasse, Capistrangasse and Stiftgasse.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between the regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr. An eleven-hour ceasefire between Russia and Syria came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST).
A study by the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark has been conducted by the Austrian Internet Ombudsman. The Internet Ombudsman says that almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. Therefore, caution and an awareness of dubious offers are essential. Anyone who pays attention to this has little to fear when shopping on the Internet, says Thorsten Behrens, Managing Director of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and Project Manager of the Internet Watchlist, and adds: "Fraudulent activities exist both online and offline. Panic about online trading is not inappropriate. Rather, it is about raising awareness of this and dealing with possible dangers." The top types of fraud are subscription traps, fake payment requests and goods that have not been delivered but have already been paid for. This is followed by malware (viruses, Trojans, etc.) and blackmail with videos or images. The expert also confirms: “We see that subscription traps have increased significantly in the last year. They are well disguised as supposedly free offers and services and range from streaming services to holiday booking platforms and sweepstakes. Consumers who want to use these services subscribe without knowing it. As a result, they are confronted with high bills and letters from collection agencies or lawyers. So be firm and don't pay." Anyone who is unsure can get free advice from the Internet Ombudsman.
The German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical skull openings are evidence of early medical knowledge. Surgical openings of the skull have been used for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on the skull. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The procedures were carried out using two different methods: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 years old were operated on. Most patients are said to have survived the procedure for a long period of time. This shows that they must have been specialized surgeons who deliberately chose this point on the skull. According to the researchers, this and the lack of evidence of fractures or diseases on the skull point to a ritual reason for the operation. The report was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died on Monday at the age of 72. Sigi Maron was a singer-songwriter from Austria. He was born in Vienna in 1944. He sings songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Sigi Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his socially critical songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he took long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, Sigi Maron officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina's exhibitions.
The test results showed that pre-washed mixed leaf salads and mixed salads contain a high amount of germs. They were stored in the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germ load was so high that we can only advise against consumption. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-washed mixed leaf salads or mixed salads. Mold and listeria The test results showed that pre-washed mixed leaf salads and mixed salads contain mold. Mold and listeria The test results showed that pre-washed mixed leaf salads and mixed salads contain a high amount of germs. Mold and listeria The test results showed that the warning value for the test was 450 times higher than normal. In the case of yeast fungi, the warning value was exceeded by 6 products. One sample was particularly highly contaminated with mold, another also contained listeria.
The label Lacoste has come up with a different kind of clothing for the new season. For the first time in 85 years, the brand has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered.
In the United States, 19 female judges were elected at the recent midterm elections. They were newly elected at the state court of Texas. They were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they were newly elected because they are newly elected because they are newly elected because they are newly elected because they are newly elected.
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner. Over 2500 fontanelles are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. Heat and drought require these drastic steps. With a total length of 425,000 kilometers, the Italian water supply network is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on nuclear weapons. The United Nations General Assembly voted on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. The United Nations General Assembly is the body of the United Nations. The United Nations General Assembly is the body of the United Nations.
No country protects children's health, their environment and their future. This is the conclusion of a panel of experts from around the world. The panel was put together by the World Health Organization, UNICEF and The Lancet. The report states that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol and tobacco on children. The report also highlights the significant threat to children from harmful marketing. There is evidence that in some countries children see up to 30,000 commercials on TV in a single year. Anthony Costello, one of the panel's authors, says: "(...) We have few facts and figures on the tremendous expansion of social media advertising and algorithms targeted at our children." Children's exposure to junk foods and sugary drinks has been linked to unhealthy food purchases and overweight and obesity. This provides a link between marketing and the alarming rise in childhood obesity. The number of obese children and adolescents has risen from 11 million in 1975 to 124 million in 2016.
Johannes Voggenhuber is the leader of the Green Party in the EU Parliament. He is also a member of the list "Now Now". He is running independently, with the support of the list "Now Now". The list "Now Now" was founded by Peter Pilz in Brussels. Pilz was a member of the European Parliament from 1995 to 2009. After that, Ulrike Lunacek took his place on the list at the federal congress and subsequently the EU Parliament.
Hong Kong mourns the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday at the age of 38. She was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three. She was so exhausted," said the amusement park. Veterinarians from the Departments of Agriculture, Fisheries, Conservation and Ocean Park decided to euthanize her for ethical reasons.
The new chairman of the civil servants' union, Norbert Schnedl, is the head of the civil servants' union. He is the head of the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work together. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is called the civil servants' union. Schnedl says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a 3.5-day week – with a normal 8-hour day – would mean 28 hours per week. The civil servants' union wants to reduce working hours when, more or less, there is no work at all. Schnedl says: "If the studies are correct, that in the next 15 years between 40 and 55 percent of all jobs will be replaced by computer-aided machines, software and robots, then of course the reduction in working hours has to be addressed."
The 27th New Year's Eve Festival in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. The festival took place between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m. There were nine locations in the city center as well as one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival ended at midnight with fireworks. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will be held on the Danube Islands. The festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th. The festival will be held on the Danube Islands. There will also be a Falco tribute concert on the Danube Islands. Amy McDonald and Cro Cro will be performing there. The Falco tribute concert will take place there on Saturday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja will perform there on Saturday. Rainhard Fendrich will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole" and "Strada del Sole". The FM4 stage (regarded as the most beautiful and cosiest on the island) will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Mando Diao and Der Nino from Vienna will perform there on Saturday. Garish will perform there on Sunday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday. Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti will perform there on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer this year. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time. Incidentally, you can get all the information about the Danube Island Festival via the free Donauinsel app.
The ORF has updated its TVthek. The TVthek is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. New background color The new TVthek is black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern. If you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites section. The search function offers targeted suggestions. New sections New sections are on the one hand the "In Focus" topic page on major current topics, on the other hand the "Last Chance" - here the user is informed of content that will soon have to be removed from the TVthek due to the seven-day rule. There will also be references to the upcoming program with trailers etc. in the future. Desired topics The possibility of configuring your personal desired topics is completely new. Currently you can choose from the topic groups films & series, news, documentaries and magazines, life & lifestyle, culture, sports highlights, economy as well as shows and stars.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now a vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. The branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are currently planned, according to the company. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published.
More and more people are buying security doors for their own homes. In Austria, the number of burglaries in apartments and houses in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. The demand for security doors of the highest security class in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this is despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent last year. Apartment doors are usually only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as by the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Austrian Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that by becoming active and doing something for yourself, insecurity can be reduced. Kreissl says that people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course," says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
The Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer, announced that he will resign from office. The Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer, is the Chancellor of Germany. He is the Chancellor of Germany. The Chancellor of Germany is Angela Merkel. The Chancellor is the Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer is the Chancellor of Germany. He is the Chancellor of Germany. The Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer is the Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany. He is the Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer is the Chancellor of Germany. The Chancellor of Germany, Horst Seehofer is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany is the Chancellor of Germany.
The Association for Consumer Information examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from the supermarkets. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use oils in the traditional recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the list of ingredients. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant died in a helicopter crash near Los Angeles on Sunday morning. There were no survivors on board, the police wrote. The helicopter crashed in the fog on Sunday morning and burst into flames, the Los Angeles Times had previously reported. In the evening it was confirmed: On board the helicopter was Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna, who also played basketball. The fifth fatality was the pilot. Kobe Bryant played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Asfinag's section control systems have developed into the road maintenance company's cash cow. The section control is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the Ostautobahn (A4) near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the section control system goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn between Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Austria this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked directly into the construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety, says Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible.
The US Democrats elected civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez as their new party leader on Saturday. The 55-year-old Perez, who was actively campaigning for Hillary Clinton in the presidential primary, defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders, who lost in the primary. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200 votes. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. 11 men and one woman will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President of the Federal Republic of Austria. Since there is currently no formal Christmas amnesty, since Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been entrusted to National Council President Doris Bures.
Caritas is promoting 18 training centers for nursing and social professions in Austria. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria. Caritas President Michael Landau expressed his support for the new government's program. Just like the first measures, Caritas President Michael Landau calls for rapid support for people who want to switch to nursing professions. Financial security during the retraining period would be a main requirement. Michael Landau says that if we don't want our care system to become a need for care itself, we need good and attractive educational opportunities for young people, but also for career changers and those who want to work in care and in the social sector.
Prince William was there along with Princess Kate. You and the fans would have wished for another coronation of the tennis king. That he can curtsy in front of the royal box after the game. Instead, everyone bowed to Novak Djokovic. Because at Wimbledon he was crowned king. For the fifth time. And he gave the spoilsport for Federer's fans for the third time in the final after 2014 and 2015.
The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers against knife attacks. The taser can help above all when, for example, knife attacks have to be warded off. In missions where such attacks are to be expected, the taser should also be available at the scene.
The German Toy Dealers Association is a group of German Toy Dealers who sell toys in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The group's website is www.vedes.com/rueckruf. There are around 3500 pieces of wooden rollercoasters in the wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own the product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out, it goes on to say, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna has done a new study on the dangers of glyphosate. According to the available data, no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides could be derived for plant protection products. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is "no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures."
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. Christoph Freund has signed a new contract with the Austrian Football Club Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to donate the prize money to the victims of the civil war. The Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for his commitment to peace with the guerrilla organization FARC after more than 50 years of civil war.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was heard again and again in Vienna. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all charges against him. The US House of Representatives, with a majority of Democrats, had accused Trump of abuse of power and obstruction of investigations in the Congress. The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all charges against him. The President of the United States of America was acquitted of all charges against him. As expected, the House of Representatives, dominated by Trump's Republicans, did not achieve the two-thirds majority needed to condemn Trump for abuse of power or obstruction of congressional investigations. This ends the impeachment process. Trump already sees the acquittal at the highest level as a major victory at the beginning of the US election year. Trump is only the third president in the US history to face impeachment in the Senate. Under the US Constitution, at least 67 of the 100 senators in an impeachment trial must find the president guilty of at least one of the charges. Given the current majority in the Senate, at least 20 Republicans would have had to side with the Democrats to impeach Trump.
On January 25th, the FPÖ organized a "Akadelerball" in Vienna. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and neo-Nazism. In previous years, demonstrations against the event caused closures in the city center. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the right and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it is against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against international right-wing extremism.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. The Great Barrier Reef is located off the coast of Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef in the world. Current photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. Coral bleaching affects the coral sticks in the north of the Great Barrier Reef. Only in the south of the Great Barrier Reef are the sticks still intact. In 2017, the researchers examined a total of 800 coral heads. This is based on aerial photographs. Scientist John Kerry said this is the fourth bleaching event to affect the Great Barrier Reef, after 1998, 2002 and 2016. Until now, there have been several years between bleaching periods, in which the Great Barrier Reef was able to recover. Professor Terry Hughes warned that the only way to save the Great Barrier Reef is to fight with determination. Coral bleaching off Australia's north-east coast made headlines around the world last year. One of the reasons is believed to be that the water temperatures were up to 4 degrees higher than usual. Corals are cnidarians that live in a mutually beneficial community with algae. At high temperatures, algae become toxic to the corals, so they repel them and lose their color.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for, there are already 80 in total this year and more than 200 will probably be there. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned in a broadcast on Monday. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early.
In two minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years, this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than 2 kilos and didn't even have to pee.
In the Galapagos Islands, there are giant tortoises. They are called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on the islands. The last giant tortoise was last detected in 1906. It was feared that the giant tortoises had become extinct. Scientists assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints had led the IUCN to suspect that there might still be some giant tortoises.
The Austrian team players will not have time to glance at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but it was enough for the defending champions in the duel with Croatia in Bordeaux. The Croatians, on the other hand, knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams.
The Working Hours Act has been in place since September. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. After cases in Vienna, Tyrol and Salzburg, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor also reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer in writing from the outset. A new employee from Spittal an der Drau was asked to declare her “express and voluntary willingness” to work up to 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. Otherwise she probably wouldn't have gotten the job, which the AK describes as "unsurpassable cynicism". This is a voluntary act forced by fear of a job. "Tip of the iceberg" This is where the political dispute comes in, because government representatives have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the daily individual cases, the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified.
The Netherlands have introduced 100 km/h speed limits on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround: A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new speed limit is well received by the Dutch people. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined in a survey that 51 percent of Dutch people regard the new speed limit as positive - compared to 34 percent who rejected it.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut is a nut. The chestnuts, which are actually a special breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and the winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients shows that chestnuts all have what it takes to become a healthy food. What the chestnuts can do for you: 1. Complex carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raise blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable insulin level. Even the energy low that is typical of carbohydrate-rich food does not occur after consumption. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of dried chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes elimination through the kidneys. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias.
The Vienna Airport is one of the world's top airports. For this purpose, six of the most modern airport extinguishers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding. For the investment of five million euros, Vienna Airport will save 4 million.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the class had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tells the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten these days. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. The problem with the caterpillars also exists in Germany. There, pesticides are already being applied over forests by helicopter. In some cases, the measure comes too late. In Dortmund, for example, an outdoor pool had to be closed because the trees in the neighboring park were infested with the oak processionary moth and the wind was spreading the hairs.
A strong earthquake in Greece has killed at least two people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) spoke of at least 120 people injured. In Turkey, where the earthquake happened, no people were injured according to the initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information is available at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, the earthquake happened especially in the center of the city, where bars are located. At the time of the earthquake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar collapsed, the mayor told ERT. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the earthquake would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and some were washed ashore. According to the Greek state broadcaster ERT, the center of the earthquake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. Bodrum is about ten kilometers away from Kos. According to the European Seismological Center, around one million people live in the region where the earthquake was felt. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings.
In the past ten years, 73 new drugs have been approved for Europe, compared to 15 in the previous year. More than two-thirds of the new drugs target specific molecular mechanisms of certain types of cancer cells. In the past 10 years, the number of cancer patients who live longer than five years after a cancer diagnosis has increased significantly. In the past ten years, the number of cancer patients who live longer than 5 years after a cancer diagnosis has increased significantly.
More and more suppliers are getting involved in the sparkling wine market. In 2015, the sparkling wine market in Austria shranked by 7.5 percent in terms of sales, but grew by 3.5 percent in terms of value. In terms of sales, Hochriegl is the strongest brand in Austria. Like Goldeck, Hochriegl belongs to the Schlumberger Group, which also sells champagne and Prosecco through its sales subsidiary. The second strongest brand is Henkell. The winery from Wiesbaden belongs to pizza giant Dr. Oetker and also produces the brands Kupferberg Gold, Fürst von Metternich or Söhnlein.
The Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas, 27, has been on the gas since the beginning of the year. The Finnish driver is Kimi Raikkonen, who is almost part of Ferrari's inventory. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is the leader of the team at Ferrari. The Finnish driver is the leader of the team at McLaren. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas. The Finnish driver is the leader of the team at McLaren. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, 27, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Ferrari. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Ferrari. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at McLaren. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at McLaren. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at McLaren. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at McLaren. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas, who is the leader of the team at Mercedes. The Finnish driver is Valtteri Bottas.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 investigated the question. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. They then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The researchers concluded that the amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. Soaps do not promote the spread of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold.