The musical "Journey around the World" will be performed on October 1st in the Musiktheater in Linz. The musical is based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed in 80 days. The musical is called "Journey around the World". The musical is based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical is called "Journey around the World". The musical will be performed in Linz.
Helmut Gragger is a German-born baker. He started the bakery "Gragger & Chorherr" in Vienna. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for the bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015. The refugee crisis means that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should then bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Gragger in an interview with KURIER. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause.
The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, was in the White House with Donald Trump. The Austrian Chancellor told Trump that he is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States simply being cheated by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House. Trevor Traina, the Ambassador to Austria, described his impression of the tough but open negotiations in the White House that Trump had made his frustration in dealing with the EU clear.
In Austria, the eyeworm is very rare. The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the eyeworm. If left untreated, the eye can be damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm "Eyeworm is much rarer than skinworm or heartworm," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo. The skinworms, which can be up to 15 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath.
A mountain rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German mountaineer is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. The police finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The accident victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the mountain rescuers and alpine police officers found the accident victim in a doline which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red light shows Elvis standing at the microphone, the green is his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to regional media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, namely exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer. If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop and the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the traffic light. Three weeks after it was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty. Westminster sank again into traffic chaos. But the story of the traffic light had only just begun with the spectacular false start. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber was nominated as the new party chairman by the board of the Carinthian ÖVP. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She resides in the German town of Pinneberg and has Down syndrome. The reason why the ID card was issued in her name is because she cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own ID card. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped ID card, but why? Ten years ago, Hannah noticed that she didn't know what to do with the ID document. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed her their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and they didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, said that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The ID card is a proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, the ID card only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of the famous Swedish industrialist Raoul Wallenberg. He worked, among other things, as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. And he saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has declared Raoul Wallenberg dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least five years after his disappearance, and there are traces of his life up to the end of July 1947," said Pia Gustafsson of the Swedish Revenue Agency. However, it is known from secure sources that Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947.
Inventory: men die 4.4 years earlier According to the world health statistics, men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer.
In the run-up to Christmas, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products in the run-up to Christmas. Experts say that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. "Especially this big attack makes it clear that product piracy should not be downplayed as a trivial offense," says Gerhard Marosi from the Federal Ministry of Finance. Danger to health According to the Austrian customs administration, many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
"Oh," an excited murmur goes through the crowd that has gathered in front of the panda enclosure in Schönbrunn Zoo. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. The panda bears are always the first animals to be explored. The panda bears are very eager and climb a lot, unlike what was experienced in the morning. But mother panda Yang Yang is always very vigilant when her twins go exploring. She makes sure that nothing happens to her children. The fact that the two are developing so well is not least due to the nutrition of their panda mother. Depending on how she is feeling on the day, she is given a mixture of rice and corn flour, quail eggs and vegetables, plus a bit of bamboo. An adult panda bear eats 30 kilograms of bamboo every day.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann is the author of this book.
The Red Cross First Responders are the first responders when an emergency occurs. The Red Cross First Responders are usually the first to respond in emergencies and can save lives. Andreas Gruber is the first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. He has worked for the Red Cross since 2004. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber, who works on a voluntary basis. Around 2,500 times a year, the Red Cross First Responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. The language café was set up three years ago. The association does not want to make money with the café. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cakes. The cakes are affordable at 1 euro each. It's also about food for people who have problems with the German language. Elisabeth Smejkal is one of the honorary moderators who are very popular at the German tables. She works full-time as a designer. But she keeps Wednesday evening free, which is a welcome compensation for her. She explains her commitment as follows: "I like to sit in a group, I like to talk and I like to listen. You always learn something new, says Smejkal happily. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say." Personal stories are always told. In any case, language is always a door opener for people from all cultures.
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The twins are a boy and a girl. They are already a mother of 5, according to Schönbrunn Zoo director Dagmar Schratter. "After three males, we are very happy that one of the two young is a female." Yang Yang is already a mother of five. Her first offspring was born in 2007 and 2010. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. All three males now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offsprings for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock, but can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat.
On March 25, 2018, a 41-year-old truck driver from the Amstetten district let a ten-year-old boy drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height, the Lower Austrian police said on Monday. The father filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and seven defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics. At the Olympics, Cassius Clay beat the Belgian Becaus in the second round of the first fight.
On Thursday, the National Council approved the new social security system in Austria. The National Council was held in Vienna. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench: the body reacts to heavy exertion by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the washing machine after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. Another important tip: Bras, socks and the like should never be left in the training bag overnight. Damp textiles are an ideal breeding ground for bacteria. Ideally, the sweaty clothes should go straight into the washing machine. The same applies to wet towels. According to Ackerley, drinking bottles made of hard plastic or stainless steel should be cleaned in the dishwasher.
The Austrian government has passed several laws. Some of them are very controversial. The most controversial of these laws are the "Location Development Act". This is a law that is passed in the National Council of Ministers in 2018. It is intended to enable faster procedures as soon as a project has been classified by an advisory board as "location-relevant" and "in the public interest". This procedure precedes the EIA. If it is decided within a maximum of 6 months that a project is relevant to the location, then after a further 6 months the EIA must be clear as to whether the project can be approved or rejected. This means that after twelve months it is clear whether a project can be approved in principle and after 18 months there must be approval or rejection - in the first instance.
The kitchen cleaning service was to blame. Hassan (17) was tasked with keeping the kitchen clean in the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt that day. When he takes a pot of hot water off the stove, empties it and puts it in the dishwasher, he gets into an argument with a roommate: he wants to cook eggs in the water. The two teenagers begin to fight. When Sophie Pogats, the manager of the refugee accommodation found out about the incident, she banned Hassan and his cronies from the house. The two have 24 hours to calm down. They have to spend the night with friends or in the Caritas emergency shelter for young people. Only then are they allowed to return to their quarters. Pogats does not dial the emergency number for the police. But "Rudi, our house policeman," informs the director. "Der Rudi" is Rudolf Greul, the so-called Refugee Contact Officer of the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. The RCOs are on hand when fights break out among the residents, caregivers are threatened or suspicious people are standing in front of the house.
Numerous home remedies are recommended for migraine pain, but only a few have actually been tested. A recent study has confirmed the benefits of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, after 2 hours and after 1 hour. The intensity of the pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment.
The Viennese are very interested in what concerns their own city. They want to know more about Vienna. For several years there has been a wide range of city walks in Vienna. This ranges from small neighborhood tours by Viennese for Viennese to themed tours by professional tourist guides. "On the one hand, the Viennese wanted to get to know Vienna better. On the other hand, at some point they realize that there is so much to discover in Vienna that they don't even know yet." Half of the participants in such tours are from Vienna and the surrounding area. The special tours were particularly well received - on topics such as eroticism, taxes and crime stories. The KURIER has an overview: Talking statues of Goethe near the Burggarten, Beethoven next to the Ritz-Carlton and the Soviet soldier on Schwarzenbergplatz. All kinds of personalities have already been memorialized in Vienna. Next Sunday and on September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments - and slip into the role of the statues themselves. Info : 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. If you want to look at several objects in the course of a walk, you have to put them together yourself. Info: All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at
Judges, civil servants and employees are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices. They are protesting against the cuts in the courts and public prosecutor's offices.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also experienced the wave of indignation that ill-considered postings at a late hour can trigger. He put a photo with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed out of court.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is closed the most in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is “only” eleven days. The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for five days in the summer. The children from Güttenbach are currently playing on the trampoline. Some are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for four weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother.
A study shows that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden. The study was published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If women were physically fit in middle age, they were on average 11 years later than women who were only very fit in middle age. If women were very fit in middle age, they were on average 11 years later than women who were only very fit in middle age.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the colossus will probably detach from the Larsen C ice shelf in the polar sea. With an area of around 5,000 square kilometers, it is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice there. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The researchers had observed a large crack in the ice there for a long time. In December, the gap was extended by 18 kilometers. Now the colossus is only held by a connection point about 20 kilometers long. According to the researchers, the breaking off of the colossus should not have any short-term consequences. However, they fear that the ice shelf will continue to calve and possibly become unstable in the long term.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. But that's not all: The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles: milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing.
New Yorkers are already talking about the "new Kombucha" because the soft drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey or maple syrup and lemon juice is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many soft drinks. And with a dash of gin - a trend that is still in the cocktail glass this year, the vinegar drink really has summer drink potential. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol, this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate".
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least three deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also you no longer show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. If you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
Shiitake mushrooms are very popular in Japan and China. Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushrooms supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The copper it contains can promote strong and shiny hair. Vitamin D, which many people do not have enough, can be absorbed not only from the sun but also from shiitake mushrooms: 100 grams of mushrooms already cover 40 percent of the daily requirement. Numerous positive influences on the immune system have been demonstrated for shiitake mushrooms. Shiitake dermatitis When buying the mushrooms, make sure that they look plump and juicy. Cracks and stains on the shiitake cap are normal features and do not indicate poor quality. Fresh shiitake mushrooms can be stored in the refrigerator for about 5 to 7 days. In rare cases, an allergic reaction can occur when shiitake mushrooms are consumed. The so-called "shiitake dermatitis" causes a rash.
Vienna is the most unfriendliest city in the world for expats who work and live in the United States. This is according to the "Expat City Ranking 2018". Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier: almost half of expats in Vienna found that it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make friends with Austrians. 42 percent said it was easy to make new friends with Austrians. "Once you have made friends with Austrians, it is very important to them," noted an expat from Venezuela. According to the survey, people are the least friendly in Riyadh, Stockholm and Stuttgart.
Christmas has changed the way people live in the world. In many countries of the world, Christmas has changed the way people live. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, 8 times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of the festival as the gifts for the children.
In the new academic year, there will be a change in teacher training courses at teacher training colleges (PH) and universities. In addition, a new career model for young scientists comes into effect, which allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the PH. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, 4 associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
Many people who have been abandoned by their partner know how painful a separation can be. Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She also worked as a crisis care mother, so you always have to say goodbye to foster children, she says. Together with her colleague Beatrix Roidinger, she founded a separation clinic in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their lovesickness with others. Once a week, up to 12 people meet to share their lovesickness. Limbeck or Roidinger accompany the group.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. In the past, this amount of civil servants was around 93 percent. But the coming years could bring some difficulties for civil servants. Civil servants can be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations if they do not want to be assigned. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations. Civil servants can also be assigned to 1,700 community service organizations.
In Upper Austria, the state has ordered mobile security gates. They are to be installed at the district authorities and in the country houses. In Upper Austria, the state has not installed any special gates. The state has been upgrading the security system since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities in Upper Austria. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, is glad that the state started in good time to take precautions to protect not only employees, but also customers. Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be installed at the district authorities and in the country houses. In 2013, an employee was stabbed by an applicant. Since then, the municipal security guard has been on duty in the office building, and every officer has an emergency button. It alerts colleagues and the security guards. The Graz town hall itself has no security locks, the neighboring country house with the state parliament does. It has been there for ten years and in Parliament for fifteen years. They were installed in the country house in St. Pölten in 2001 for state parliament sessions. They were also set up in the country house in Linz in Linz. Since then, 2,721 people have been checked there - 83 had stabbing weapons.
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated the world champion Germany 2:1. Austria's team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Germany started without Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Franco Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in central midfield and Alaba on the left. Germany controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. Germany's team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Austria won the first time in the history of the ÖFB.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick, the manager of the private rescue service. Distress Alert is a private rescue service. It was noticed that one of the victims was still breathing. A car from the private ambulance service Distress Alert drove to the scene of the accident near Carletonville, southwest of Johannesburg, on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick. Three people were lying lifeless in one of the crashed cars when rescue workers arrived.
There are many organizations that collect donations for children. For example, SOS Children's Villages or Plan collect donations for children, from whom the family also receives a letter. Christmas in a shoebox With this campaign, you pack up presents the size of a shoebox and give them to a family. Reverse Advent Calendar Instead of getting something every day in December, you give something away every day. It doesn't have to be organized, you can just make a homeless person happy. Social service Helping out with the poorest is an eye-opening, no wonder there are many volunteers at Christmas, for example at the crypt. The City of Vienna has also launched its own initiative "Voluntary in Vienna". Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
Buried with a long sword, a battle axe, arrows, a spear, two shields and two horses, someone buried with so much equipment must have been a great male warrior or leader. This is how the spectacular grave find from 1878 in Birka, Sweden, has been interpreted since its discovery. However, genetic analysis of the bones of the buried person painted a completely new picture: a research team from Stockholm University sequenced the DNA of the bones and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF director is the person who will be the head of the ORF in Austria. The ORF director will be Werner Herics. Werner Herics will be the state director of the ORF. He will replace Karlheinz Papst, who was at the ORF for 18 years. The previous editor-in-chief, Walter Schneeberger, should remain in his position. However, with the proviso that he proves his "ability to work in a team", i.e. recognizes Herics' leadership role. That could be an emotionally Herculean task, because 56-year-old Walter Schneeberger from northern Burgenland and 51-year-old Werner Herics from southern Burgenland, who was most recently entrusted with organizing the renovation of the ORF headquarters in Vienna, were already in a competitive relationship when Schneeberger became editor-in-chief. In addition, Walter Schneeberger had recently applied for the position of state director. Just like Pope, program director Gaby Schwarz and ex-program director Doris Fennes-Wagner.
The United States and North Korea will meet again after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president has met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim emphasized his basic willingness to "complete denuclearization", i.e. nuclear disarmament. But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear arsenal. The leadership of the isolated country has repeatedly accused Washington of wanting to force it into nuclear disarmament. Recently, Pyongyang has therefore increased its call for the international sanctions to be relaxed. North Korea also cited its own denuclearization moves, including dismantling its nuclear test site and rocket propulsion test facility. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea has also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War (1950-53) in the summer. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months," Trump said.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a golden start from an Austrian point of view: Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. The quartet Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For more details, click here. During the night (after our time) Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the Olympic final of the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. David Wise won with 97.20 points ahead of Alex Ferreira.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday. According to the AMS, most sanctions were due to work/training being refused or frustrated. A total of around 11,700 of these were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses.
Verena Preiner is in Doha for the World Cup of Women's athletics. The World Cup of Women's athletics is held every year. The World Cup of Women's athletics is the biggest sport in the world. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics is held every year in Doha. The World Cup of Women's athletics is held every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place every year in Qatar.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the match against Partizan Belgrade, Luiz was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears.
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by the year 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing. This is shown by a study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in Laxenburg near Vienna, which was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electricity supply of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country actually has electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity from 20 to 80 percent of the population.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover over the reactor is 108 meters high and 36,000 tons of metal. The protective cover is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the cost of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus which was erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union. Increased levels of radioactive radiation have also been measured in other European countries over a long period of time.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian metropolis of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he just 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother takes care of the offspring. Graziela ran away from home when she was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio de Janeiro. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark house entrances. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened, both stressed. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel. "That's exactly the problem. The authorities are not concerned with the rehabilitation and reintegration of young people into society, but only with 'cleaning' the city - especially now in the run-up to the Olympic Games," says Sebastiao de Andrade.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, there has been no study on the influence of temperature on mental performance. For the new research, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius. Temperatures vary according to gender.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Table in Eisenstadt. An older man goes into the shop on Neusiedler Strasse. He wants fruit and bread. A woman buys pastries, flour and sugar for herself and her three children. The Pannonian Table is the largest private food bank in Austria. The Pannonian Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Some people are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. And then there is the “living room” where people talk about death and life. The Pannonian Table opens its doors 6 days a week. At Christmas you can find many delicacies, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel itself is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students made themselves. This money will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is urgently needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Pannonische Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523; www.pannonischetafel.com
A tropical cyclone has made landfall on India's east coast. The tropical cyclone "Fani" reached the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people were brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to 200,000 people.
Rosie Rosie is 58 years old. She was homeless when she was very young. Her childhood wasn't good. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. Rosie looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible, says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said this one sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction," explained the Chancellor. The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the "need for a pan-European solution" had been pushed aside. At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue. This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders.
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete, the Ministry of Social Affairs said.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cup titles. He coached women's tennis stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez, among others. Mervyn Rose was born in Australia. He won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of 4 doubles titles and 1 mixed title. Mervyn Rose coached women's tennis stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez, among others. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Mervyn Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. Mervyn Rose coached women's tennis stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez, among others. Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund ), first French economy minister, first head of the law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, she will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
It is not only wrong to blow your nose, but it can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp is head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine. Gerd Rasp says: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. Unlike when an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they can do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football football matches. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear the phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called “Charlottenburg” or “peasant handkerchief”. However, this type of blowing of the nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate.
Atletico Madrid also won the third final in the history of the European Cup. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday evening in the Stade de Lyon. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the biggest competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is the biggest competition in Europe. The European Cup is the European Cup. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is the most important competition in Europe. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football teams. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs. The European Cup is a competition between football clubs.
German researchers have now found out which type of movement is more beneficial for dementia patients. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. In the study, they were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
In 2015 there were already 8,851 people in private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 5,351 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people in private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy.
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum - or possibly for several.
The Austrian company ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain sets will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer of 2022. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains makes barrier-free entry possible, the company announced on Monday. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More trains will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers. Blind people, for their part, need tactile information and location sounds in the door area. Everything that is said acoustically should be readable on a screen, deaf people demand. People with mental disabilities, on the other hand, need quiet areas and places to retreat, as crowding can lead to stressful situations.
U.S. tourists are increasingly visiting Cuba given the cautious rapprochement between the two countries. Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited the socialist Caribbean island, Cuba's chief negotiator, Josefina Vidal said on Wednesday. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy, Cuba. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Four million tourists visited Cuba last year. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center said that Hurricane "Michael" was the strongest hurricane since it began to hit Florida in the past few days. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott said he sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. He told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off on every single block." When "Michael" hit the coast of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing two kilometers of wind speed to be classified as a hurricane of the highest category five. The video showed widespread destruction, flooding, and debris. Many people did not follow the warning. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had rapidly gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the area. But many people did not follow the warning. The National Hurricane Center said there had never been a hurricane recorded in the region. It is therefore an event that is as historic as it is dangerous. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous. Late Wednesday evening (local time) he moved through the south of the state of Georgia with winds of up to 145 kilometers per hour. The National Hurricane Center warned of flooding from torrential rain in Georgia, southeastern Virginia, South Carolina and North Carolina. Tornado warnings were in effect in some areas of Florida. Trump wants to come to Florida.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The Soccer World Cup will be held in 2026. The Soccer World Cup is the most important tournament in the soccer world. Gianni Infantino promised that the Soccer World Cup will be bigger than the Soccer World Cup in the past. The Soccer World Cup will be held in 2026. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The Soccer World Cup will take place in 2026. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The Soccer World Cup will take place in 2026. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The Soccer World Cup will take place in 2026. The Soccer World Cup has 48 teams. The Soccer World Cup with 48 participants should flush the coffers with an additional 600 million euros. The increase in costs of the Soccer World Cup should be compensated by the higher costs from the sale of the TV rights. The Soccer World Cup will last 32 days and take place in twelve stadiums. FIFA President Gianni Infantino will be the chairman of the meeting. Austria is not represented, but countries such as Burundi, Cuba, Papua New Guinea, American Samoa, American Samoa and the Turks and Caicos Islands are. Why was the starting field enlarged? The World Cup increase (albeit only to 40 teams) was a promise made by Gianni Infantino before his election as FIFA President in February 2016. The Swiss President justified this, among other things, with the extreme increase in membership of the world association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211. But of course there are also financial reasons: According to calculations, the Soccer World Cup with 48 participants should flush the coffers with an additional 600 million euros. The Soccer World Cup will take place in 2026.
Nobody but doctor and patient will have access. This sentence has been heard mantra-like from politicians over the last few years when it came to the electronic health record, or ELGA for short. Until now. With a new law that is currently waiting to be passed in parliament, the government wants to expand the duo of patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. The KURIER answers what that means for the citizens. Which data should be passed on at all? With the new law, data from state-managed databases may be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, the AMS, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations.
If you google "recipe for sunscreen", the search engine spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sunscreen". Most common ingredients: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also used in the recipes. But the majority of the recipes are not suitable for sun protection. The researchers also found that many homemade sunscreens are not suitable for sun protection. The researchers also found that many sunscreen formulations are touted as natural and safe alternatives to commercial sunscreens.
For more than 20 years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the two countries repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the state of war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
Austria's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz is the President of the European Union. He is the leader of the European Union. He will be heading the Council of European Union. He will be the leader of the Council of European Union. The Council will be held in Brussels, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Schladming, Austria. The Council of European Union will be held at the Planai Mountains in Austria.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Vitamin D can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or at least 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health. Severe deficiency Severe vitamin D deficiency can lead to rickets, a growth disorder of the bones, and to osteomalacia, a softness of the bones.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. The route between the U4 will also be closed from July 2 to September 4. The route between the U4 and Hietzing will be closed from April 30 to July 1, and even between the U4 and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4. The route between the U4 and the tracks will be closed. There are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. According to Winter, the 14 vehicles would not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 passengers who travel daily on the affected U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as a "replacement service". Not least because of the risk of traffic jams at the western entrance and western exit, the company recommends using rail routes. The trams 49, 52 and 58 - they are run more often - run close to or partly parallel to the U4. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should generally allow ten to 20 minutes more travel time during the closure.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese football team qualified for the round of 16 of the European Football Championship in France with a spectacular 3:3 (1:1) win against Hungary. Hungary captain Zoltan Gera and goalkeeper Balazs Dzsudzsak both scored goals in the match. Hungary scored their second goal in the match against Hungary. Ronaldo scored his second goal in the match against Hungary.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz has died of cancer. Gary Kurtz was 78 years old. He died of cancer in London at the age of 78. The Los Angeles-born producer is best known for his collaborations with director George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films. With "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a Star Wars hype. After falling out with George Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, An Honorable Theft and An Honorable Theft. Kurtz left behind his wife and 3 children. The family said: "Gary was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor whose work and talent spanned film, photography, music and film history. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being."
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks. It came as a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. Julian Baumgartlinger said: "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," but he grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. Old joke The Austrian national team manager endured this swipe with a smile just as much as Adrian Steiger. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the Austrian team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now." The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the said rock fall.
Unpunctual customer appointments, notorious criticism during team meetings, endless discussions on banal topics: Complicated colleagues can make everyday work difficult for them and their employees. "While communication with our team should actually provide a fruitful exchange and a variety of solutions, we often face certain hurdles in direct contact with complicated colleagues," explains the rhetoric expert. In order to overcome this, it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. However, the opposite behavior is not advisable, because contradiction and counter-action only drives the stubborn person to want to prove himself even more. Better: Detach yourself from the emotions, try to think rationally and frame the criticism in the form of questions. This creates a more pleasant working atmosphere and better results. The creative slob The creative slob is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, they are often unpunctual. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results - at least in the eyes of others.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize was given to 4 winners on 3 continents. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for human rights, environmental protection and peace. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for human rights, environmental protection and peace. The Nobel Prize is worth 10 000 euros. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for human rights, environmental protection and peace. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is worth 10 000 euros. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for their rights. The Right Livelihood Award Foundation often supports lesser-known fighters for peace, human rights and the environment with the Nobel Prize. Familiar faces have also received the award a few times since 1980: - Edward Snowden - The US whistleblower received the award in 2014 "because he revealed with courage and competence the unprecedented extent of state surveillance that violates basic democratic processes and constitutional rights ". This caused a great deal of excitement in the Swedish government. Snowden, who has lived in exile in Russia since 2013, was unable to collect the award. - Astrid Lindgren - The world's most famous Swede received the Nobel Prize in 1994. The foundation awarded the children's awarded the author the non-endowed honorary award for her "lifelong struggle for children's rights".
An 80-year-old woman from China delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at the Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines plane bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is venturing into the home of espresso and cappuccino. According to the entrepreneur Antonio Percassi, who is working on behalf of the US giant for Starbucks' entry into the Italian market, 300 stores are to be built in the next 6 years. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of Milan. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee stronghold of Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries.
ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" was a PR product for the police. ATV has said that as with all productions, the final responsibility for the programming lies with ATV. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. ATV has been working with the police for 10 years and also maintain the professional exchange with the various police units. The planned format, an in-house production, is "entirely based on real police operations and ongoing investigations that are filmed live". Therefore, "even for legal reasons of personal protection, an orderly and correct procedure with the police must be observed". But the broadcaster emphasized: "This planned program will not change, even if employees of the Ministry of the Interior might have liked to do it differently. In the event of an attempted editorial intervention, the format will be stopped."
Kurt Wilhelm, the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on the Neubaugasse in Vienna, says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken against the double route of the bus line. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minute intervals." On the part of the business people, however, they don’t want to be an obstacle. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions."
Hans Peter Doskozil is the head of the Federal Administrative Court. He is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The very appointment of the current head of cabinet, Lieutenant General Karl Schmidseder, was a political signal from Doskozil. Back then it was about getting the generals back on board. A civilian worked in the cabinet of his predecessor, Gerald Klug, and the basis for discussion between the political leaders and the generals was damaged. The problem no longer exists. The communication between Doskozil and Chief of Staff Othmar Commenda is described as excellent. He is now needed to implement the army reform. A mammoth task, because most associations have to be reorganized.
On January 29th, Vox will start a new season of "Kitchen Impossible". This season will be called "Kitchen Impossible". In each episode, two chefs travel to two different places. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked. The next episode will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". On Sunday, January 8th, a top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases: These are the biggest annoyances for consumers who turn to the Internet. Katrin Mittl-Jobst, a spokeswoman, explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than what is actually inside. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but good for the environment. Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: raspberry bars - made from banana When pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside. A favorite example in this area: Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar, which according to the VKI consists primarily of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, just doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are just as unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the Inzersdorfer can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the packaging and price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been reduced. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "The hidden price increase annoys many consumers," says she evaluating such offers in the new way. She cites Lorenz Crunchips and Nescafé Frappé as examples. The inglorious test winner The product Rama with butter deserves a special mention: after consumers complained about the palm oil on their daily sandwich, the consumer advocates called the manufacturer. Latest news from the VKI laboratory: The proportion of palm oil has been increased.
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement. The agreement on a nationwide ceasefire, brokered by Turkey and Russia, is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be "fully implemented and respected by all parties". "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state, Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State of America and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of seven moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be combated as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. She is united with her family, according to her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook. Accordingly, Asia Bibi moved with her husband to the country where her two daughters were already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The German city of Munich is a German city in the south of the country. It is located in Germany. The city is called Munich. The city is located in Germany. The city is called Munich. The city of Munich is the capital of Germany. The city of Munich is the capital of Germany. The city is located in Germany. The city is the capital of Germany. The city is Germany's capital. The city of Munich is located in Germany's capital. The city is located in Germany's capital. The city is the capital of Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city of Munich is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital. The city is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city of Munich is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city of Munich is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Germany. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin. The city is located in Germany's capital, Berlin.
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such ads. Children who see fast food ads are also twice as likely to eat fast food as children who don't see fast food ads. The German Association for Non-Communicable Diseases has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products aimed at children. "Such advertising thwarts all efforts to teach children healthy nutrition. Therefore, only a ban helps to protect children from the harmful effects of advertising." The families were followed for a year for the study. The children were between 3 and 5 years old. Every 8 weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much fast food advertising the children had noticed in the children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. Results: Children who had seen a lot of relevant advertising ate at Burger about twice as often. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
A woman in Germany, who is dying, brought a horse to her bedside. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse, a spokesman for the clinic said on Thursday. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic's courtyard possible. A spokesman said: "There are no limits for us. A call doesn't cost anything. You can always ask questions and the person asked can always say 'no'." "Dana's" owner immediately agreed after the request. There was no question at all about doing it, she said.
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and, together with their two sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. Van der Bellen also mourns with his current wife Doris Schmidauer for their father Ernst Schmidauer who died on Sunday. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the request from the Presidential Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools. In the wild, they don't use any tools at all, explained Alice Auersperg from the Messerli Research Institute at the University of Vienna. Auersperg and her colleagues have previously observed one of their cockatoos, named Figaro, spontaneously prying a splinter out of a larch board to push food strewn outside the cage within reach. Now they tested the manual and intellectual abilities of Figaro and 3 other cockatoos with regard to tools in more detail. How the bird gets to the nut They placed bits of cashew on a base in a transparent box. This box had a hole about an inch in diameter through which the cockatoos could use a chopstick to knock the nut off the base, causing the nut to tumble out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts 16 days earlier than it did in the past ten years. This is because the temperature is rising more than in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
Bill Cosby has been convicted of three counts of sexual assault. He was convicted in the United States. He has been sentenced to 10 years in prison. He will also face a $25,000 fine and court costs. Cosby declined the opportunity to comment on the verdict. He also did not respond to questions from reporters. His spokesman Andrew Wyatt said that God is watching over him. No trial in US history has been more racist and sexist than this one.
With the end of the summer holidays, construction sites usually disappear from the streets. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for four months. The KURIER has the answers to the most important questions and an overview of the cycle paths that still being built. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number. Peter Lenz says that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: “Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz.” Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. You can't just pick a cycle path there. Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has struggled in many countries with the service being used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook company announced this on Monday in Jakarta, Indonesia. The WhatsApp app was originally launched in India last July. The app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
Honey bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen of all kinds six kilometers around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink the sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the queens. The honey bee is not only found in Europe, but also in other parts of the world. In Austria, the honey bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions for honey bees. In Austria there is no competition for food between honey and wild bees. Wherever the honey bee was brought to, it could influence the local honey bees.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended seven hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences. We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, it is struggling for air: colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. "Cat flu is actually an umbrella term for contagious diseases of the respiratory tract and the mucous membranes of the head," says Katharina Reitl. The KURIER animal coach explains which symptoms bother the patient, when it becomes dangerous and what helps.
In the future, if it is at least 35 degrees outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, the Fiaker horses will only be used every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training condition, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse will be allowed to work every other day.
The Global Strike For Future protests will take place in almost 500 cities around the world in a week and a half. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, the Global Strike For Future network said. Protests on all inhabited continents In Austria, according to the network, the cities of Innsbruck, Klagenfurt and Vienna have so far registered for demonstrations. It is also possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North.
Peter Matić died suddenly at the Burgtheater. He was 82 years old. He played no fewer than 85 roles. His last roles Peter Matić played at the Burgtheater. As a rabbi in the dramatization of Joseph Roth's "Job" (directed by Christian Stückl) he was a sad, smiling sage. As a district court counselor in "Glaube Liebe Hoffnung" (Director: Michael Thalheimer) he played an Austrian civil servant who is threatened with disappearance. As the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Burgtheater in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he came to the Theater in der Josefstadt before working at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the Burgtheater. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper and in Reichenau. He also played numerous film roles. He was not only a celebrated actor, but a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
Bobble hats on, but bare legs: In many cities around the world, thousands of people rode the subway without pants on Sunday, March 1, 2018. In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride", in London and New York there were several hundred. Without trousers and without a political message The campaign was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who boarded with a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh." Bottomless since 2002 The event was launched in New York in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Despite the freezing temperatures, hundreds of people took part in New York again this time. Many of them wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. Sam opted for a suit - no pants. "According to the motto: Why is this guy wearing a tie and no trousers?" It's nice to see the reactions of people.
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be the top candidate in the next Vienna state elections. She will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the end of the year she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou said that by the time she leaves, all major projects of the legislative period should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed. She said: "I think it's time for a generational change. And by that I don't just mean age, but also ways of thinking, working methods, visions and structures. Now it's the next turn." But there are also personal reasons. She will soon be 50, that is a time to take stock. You then ask yourself: "What can I still achieve? That much is certain: I am a politician with body and soul." But life in the front row is very intense and after 25 years she may say goodbye to it.
The elephants in the Schönbrunn Zoo show how to make the hot days of this week more bearable. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. "Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it," said Harald Schwammer, the zoological director of the Vienna Zoo. Among the elephants, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, also serves to care for their sensitive skin.
The Austrian national soccer team clinched their second win in a row. They moved up to 3rd place in the European Championship qualifiers. The team is just one point behind second place held by Israel.
Two rabbits from Austria dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. This is celebrating its international debut with a match against the women's team FC Mariahilf in Vienna, Austria. The team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue. The players also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital. "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport," says Zennaro.
The Spanish Steps in Rome are no longer allowed to sit on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on the marble steps. Violators will face a fine of up to 400 euros. Other behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." - "Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. The topic is not taken seriously," says gastroenterologist Michael Trauner. "In the past, this topic was underestimated - and sometimes even trivialized. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake, obesity and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis. In Austria, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of the company Gas Connect Austria, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday. The accident claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district.
The City of Vienna will set up 6 new security bollards from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between the regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
In Austria, almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. This is also confirmed by a study by the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark, in which 1,000 Austrian consumers were asked about Internet fraud. The study shows that the awareness of Internet fraud among Austrian consumers has increased. The top types of fraud are subscription traps, fake payment requests and goods that have not been delivered but have already been paid for. This is followed by malware (viruses, Trojans, etc.) and blackmail with images or videos. The expert also confirms: “We see that subscription traps have increased significantly in the last year. They are well disguised as supposedly free offers and services and range from streaming services to holiday booking platforms and sweepstakes. Consumers who want to use these services subscribe without knowing it. As a result, they are confronted with high bills and letters from collection agencies or lawyers. The expert also confirms: "Those who allow themselves to be intimidated and comply with payment requests unjustifiably lose money," says Behrens. "So be firm and don't pay." Anyone who is unsure can get free advice from the Internet Ombudsman.
German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings on the skull have been evidence of early medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the cause is trauma, fractures may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different methods: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 years old were operated on. Most patients survived the operation.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died on Monday at the age of 72. He was born in Vienna in 1944. He became famous with songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his socially critical songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in the Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he took long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions.
Ready-to-eat, pre-cut salad from the plastic pack is popular because it saves time in the kitchen. The testers from the magazine " Verbraucher magazine " lost their appetite for it: all 8 products in the test were not hygienically clean. The testers said that the high level of germs was so high that they can only advise against consumption. They said that people should not eat pre-packaged salads.
For the first time in 85 years, the French brand Lacoste has removed the famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many creatures are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered. The crocodile logo is only on a total of 30 polo shirts.
There are 19 female judges who will be judges at the Harris County District Court in Texas in the future. 17 of them were newly elected at the recent midterm elections. This is reported by the BBC. This partial result of the midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke lost to Republican Ted Cruz in the state.
In the next few days, EuroPride will be held in Vienna. There will be live music and food stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
The Italian water supply network is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The water supply system in Italy is in urgent need of being rebuilt. The water supply system in Italy has long been neglected in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of the water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half of the water is lost. The city mayor Virginia Raggi has been the center of criticism. She has been trying to contact the people responsible for the leaking water pipes that flood Via Gaetano Storchi 24 hours a day, but nothing has happened so far. There is no money for the repairs. The irony is that although the city administration is not repairing the leak, Mayor Virginia Raggi has already asked residents at the beginning of the summer to drink the water sparingly. Drinking water should not be wasted on watering gardens, washing cars or pools. Of course nobody checks who actually follows this instruction. In just a few days, Acea will be allowed to pump water from nearby Lake Bracciano, which has reached historic lows. The water level of the lake has dropped so much that there is a risk of an environmental disaster.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on nuclear weapons. The United Nations General Assembly is the head of the United Nations. The UN General Assembly is the head of the UN Security Council.
No country adequately protects children's health, their environment and their future. This emerges from a report published by a commission of more than 40 child and youth health experts from around the world. The report is entitled "A Future for the World's Children?" The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and junk foods, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco. The report also highlights the significant threat to children from harmful marketing. There is evidence that in some countries children see up to 30,000 commercials on TV alone in a single year.
The EU elections are coming soon. Johannes Voggenhuber is one of the candidates for the European Parliament. Johannes Voggenhuber is from Salzburg. He is a member of the list "Now Now", founded by Peter Pilz. He is a member of the National Council of the European Union. Voggenhuber is also a member of the list "Now Now", founded by Peter Pilz before the 2017 National Council elections.
Hong Kong is one of the most endangered animals on the planet. According to the environmental organization WWF, there are only 2,000 giant pandas left in the wild. The symbol of China is one of the most endangered animal species on the planet. Known as notorious for sex, these animals are struggling with the loss of their natural habitat in China, so their captive breeding plays an important role in the survival of their species. However, panda offspring are very rarely born in captivity. Because the females are only ready to mate 3 days a year, zoos often resort to artificial insemination. Jia Jia gave birth to six babies out of five.
Norbert Schnedl is the new head of the civil servants' union. He has been elected as the new head of the civil servants' union with 96.6 percent of the vote. He is the new head of the civil servants' union. Schnedl is the head of the civil servants' union. He is the head of the Christian Union. He is the leader of the civil servants' union. He is also the head of the Christian Union. He is also the leader of the Christian Union. Schnedl is the leader of the civil servants' union. He is the head of the civil servants' union.
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival ended at midnight with two fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will be held on the Danube Island. The festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th. There will also be a Falco tribute this year. As of today, the entire program for the Danube Island Festival is available. On Friday, the Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will be performing there. The Falco tribute concert will take place on Saturday and Sunday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja will be performing there on Saturday and Sunday.
The ORF TVthek is now available on the Internet. The ORF TVthek has been revised. The ORF TVthek is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed.
The traditional Viennese bakery company Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, the pretzel stick is topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Ankerbrot wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to an interview with Ankerbrot boss Lydia Gepp. After a 3 day vegan pop-up store on the Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers increased so much that Ankerbrot is now taking this into account. The branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are planned, according to the company. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000 euros.
More and more Austrians are arming themselves and want to buy security doors. The security doors for apartments and houses in Austria in 2015 were 130.3 million euros. The security doors for apartments and houses in Austria were 130.3 million euros in 2015. The security doors for apartments and houses in Austria in 2015 were only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways - z. B. broken in via the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased. By becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that the topics of the refugee crisis and the state of emergency have dominated the media for months. These are fear-related topics. By becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced Just as many people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course, says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
The German Chancellor's Minister of the Interior, Horst Seehofer, has announced that he will resign from the Federal Government of Germany. This is the 4th announcement made by Seehofer. He said that he will continue to hold office. Seehofer has also been in charge of the interior ministry for more than 6 months. It is a double burden that is too much for the 69-year-old. There were rumors in Berlin, that he didn't want to know about this. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country became more divided. But before he took office, he started a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people from Germany to the European Union. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. However, Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about the 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. He let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, but the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. From then on, some comrades drummed for Seehofer's resignation as minister. According to his statement, SPD Vice President Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart. Little self-criticism And Seehofer himself? He felt misunderstood and accused the media of defaming him. He said that he was neither ill nor did he constantly argue - and it was awesome that he was portrayed as a "terrorist". He was referring to a Spiegel cover story that described him as "The Danger". You have to accept and cope with all of this, he explained.
Every third Christmas biscuit from the supermarket contains palm oil: Even biscuits such as coconut balls or cinnamon stars are now baked with palm oil by the industry, although this is not necessary. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 Christmas cookies from the supermarkets. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of Christmas cookies contained palm oil was in gingerbread and dominoes. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) says that the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products. The VKI says that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to carefully select the products only. If you make your own Christmas cookies, you can choose the ingredients and either bake with palm oil or use a palm oil-free margarine." Why palm oil is harmful The vegetable fat has a high proportion of saturated fatty acids: Excessive consumption of palm oil, for example in ready meals, can have a negative effect on blood lipid levels and thus on the effect of insulin in the body.
Kobe Bryant was born in Los Angeles, California. Kobe Bryant played basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. Kobe Bryant won 5 NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain. Kobe Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and 3 other daughters. There were no survivors on the helicopter. The helicopter crashed in the fog on Sunday morning and burst into flames, the Los Angeles Times had previously reported. In the evening it was confirmed: On board the helicopter was Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna. The fifth fatality was the pilot. The former LA Lakers player is considered one of the greatest basketball players in sports history. Kobe Bryant played as a shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team continuously since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP (Most Valuable Player) award for the NBA's most valuable regular-season player. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain.
Asfinag's section control systems have developed into the road maintenance company's cash cow. The route radar is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the Ost-Autobahn near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible.
The United States Democratic Party has elected Tom Perez as their leader. Tom Perez is a civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor. The 55-year-old Perez defeated the Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders, who lost in the presidential primary. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison got 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. The National Council President is responsible for the Christmas clemency campaign. The Christmas clemency campaign is the responsibility of the Federal President of the Federal Republic of Austria. The Federal President is responsible for the Christmas clemency campaign. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. In 2013, 30 prisoners were released early in 2013 and 20 last year. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. Prisoners who have been imprisoned for less than 5 years are eligible for a pardon. At least one third of the sentence must have already been served and the remainder of the sentence must not exceed 18 months. Offenders who have been convicted of sexual offences, serious violent offenses or drug offenses are excluded from the Christmas clemency campaign. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption. The Christmas clemency campaign takes place every year since 1946 without interruption.
In Austria, more than 75 000 new nursing staff will be needed by the year 2030. There is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social professions in Austria. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria.
Novak Djokovic played against Rafael Nadal in the final match. He won 7: 6, 7: 6, 7: 6, 6: 6, 13:12. It was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old Novak Djokovic can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. He was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, champion of the year 2001, at Wimbledon. It is his fifth Grand Slam victory - he caught up with Björn Borg and Pete Sampras.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a decree on Monday. The APA department announced that the necessary basic training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, the task force to combat street crime, selected members of the police detention centers, and a few members of the Upper Austria standby unit have been authorized to work.
There are around 3500 pieces of wooden roller-coasters in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the Netherlands, which have been sold through VEDES wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist toy dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Liechtenstein. Consumers who own the product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out that there have been no injuries or damage known to VEDES. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
Even before the parliamentary vote on a general ban on glyphosate, the University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study. According to the available data, there is no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. Christoph Freund has signed a new contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg until the end of the year 2020. The 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying in a press release. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his country. After talking to his family, he decided to make the prize money available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was asked again and again in Rosenburg Castle in Austria. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the Harry Potter films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The US House of Representatives, with a majority of Democrats, had accused Trump of abuse of power and obstruction of investigations in Congress. Trump is said to have pushed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyj to investigate his Democratic rival Joe Biden in order to win the 2020 US presidential election. The Democrats see it as proven that Trump made the release of military aid to Kiev and a meeting with Zelenskyj in the White House dependent on the announcement of such investigations. When that came out, Trump did everything he could to block the House of Representatives investigation. Trump has always vehemently denied the allegations. Trump is only the third president in US history to face impeachment in the Senate.
On January 25th, the FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wanted to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Akadelerball" because it wants to demonstrate against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. The Great Barrier Reef is located in Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is about 1,500 kilometers from the coast of Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef in the world. Corals are cnidarians that live in a mutually beneficial community with algae. At high temperatures, algae become toxic, corals repel them and lose their color.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for, there are already 80 in total this year and more than 200 will probably be there. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association (WTV) point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warn. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early.
Born in two minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle said in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than 2 kilos and didn't even have to pee.
In the Galapagos Islands of the Galapagos Islands, there are some giant tortoises. The giant tortoises are called Fernandina giant tortoises. In the Galapagos Islands of the Galapagos Islands, there are some giant tortoises. The giant tortoises are called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on the Galapagos Islands. The giant tortoises are called Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus.
The Austrian team players will not have dared to glance at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday. The Croatian players knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams.
The Working Hours Act has been in place since September. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. The government and opposition have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the daily individual cases, the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein (FPÖ) makes it clear that the government is not thinking about repairing the Working Hours Act, which has only been in force since September. It's only about individual black sheep who should be "strictly punished".
The government of the Netherlands has decided to introduce 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new limit is well received by the Dutch people. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined that 51 percent of the Dutch people rejected the new speed limit.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The starchy chestnuts, which are actually a special further breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and the winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients of chestnuts shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy food. What the chestnuts can do for you?
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to category ten, the world's top security level. For this purpose, six of the most modern fire-fighting vehicles will be purchased at Vienna Airport. The 6x6 and 8x8 extinguishers will be purchased from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding. "With the investment of 5 million euros, we ultimately save 4 million," explained Vienna Airport Board Member Julian Jäger. Rosenbauer is the best seller. With the performance of the tankers, it is possible to use fewer vehicles to supply the required quantities of extinguishing agents, which have to be ready at the fire site within 3 minutes. This means that the current number of 15 fire-fighting vehicles can be reduced to eight.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the class had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tells the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten in Austria. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. The problem with the caterpillars also exists in Germany. There, pesticides are already being applied over forests by helicopter. In some cases, however, the measure comes too late. In Dortmund, for example, an outdoor pool had to be closed because the trees in the neighboring park were infested with the oak processionary moth and the wind was spreading the poisonous hairs.
The earthquake on the Greek island of Kos has killed at least 2 people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean Island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the Greek island of the same name Kos was hit by a small tsunami wave. The building walls showed cracks or even collapsed. In Turkey, which is only a few kilometers from Kos and was shaken, no people were injured. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, the damage occurred especially in the center of the city. At the time of the quake early Friday morning, bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar collapsed. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two tourists were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. Greek state television showed images of debris all along the quay wall. According to ERT, a ferry could not dock in the port because of the damage. There were different measurements of the strength of the earthquake. The head of the Greek earthquake agency, Efthymios Lekkas, said on Greek radio that the earthquake had a magnitude of 6.5. The US Earthquake Monitor (USGS) gave the magnitude 6.7. According to the USGS, the center of the earthquake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum at a depth of about twelve kilometers and was followed by several weaker aftershocks. According to the European Seismological Center, around one million people live in the region where the earth trembled. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of the parents will start next Saturday.
In Austria, the sparkling wine market has collapsed by 20 percent since the sparkling wine tax was reintroduced in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the sparkling wine market to collapse by 20 percent. In 2015 there were 14 million bottles of sparkling wine emptied in Austria. The finance minister in Austria brought in 15 million euros. The corks only popped at the Frizzante and Prosecco manufacturers, who are exempt from the tax and thus have a competitive advantage. They had sales increases in the double-digit percentage range. In the previous year, 14 million bottles of frizzante and champagne were sold in Austria. The second strongest brand is Hochriegl. The winery from Wiesbaden produces the sparkling wines Kupferberg Gold, Fürst von Metternich or Söhnlein. In 2015, the market shrank by 7.5 percent in terms of sales, but grew by 3.5 percent in terms of value due to higher average prices.
Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Mercedes has had Valtteri Bottas on the gas since the beginning of the year. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two teams every ten minutes. Bottas is more about the atmosphere than the car. He says that he is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that. Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of his car. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the engineer of Mercedes.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. In a series of experiments, scientists contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. They then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The researchers concluded that the amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. In 1988, a soap manufacturer commissioned a similar study. For the survey, bacteria were inoculated into a bar of soap, 16 sample ends were allowed to handle it and then the degree of bacterial contamination on the hands was determined. Again, no bacteria could be detected after hand washing. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold.