The musical "Journey around the World" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. "Journey around the World" is an opera based on the novel of Jules Vernes. The opera is based on the works of Jules Vernes. The opera is based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The opera is based on the works of the author Jules Vernes. The opera is based on the works of the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it quickly became clear that this classic of adventure literature needed a special approach. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature. Jules Verne's hero Phileas Fogg meets operatic emotions. With his servant Passepartout he ends up in Paris at the party of the Merry Widow Hanna Glawari, in Rome Tosca falls into his arms, in Beijing Turandot wants to have his head beheaded and he only manages to get back to England across the Atlantic with the help of the Flying Dutchman. "Opera fans will recognize plenty of references, and for those unfamiliar with it, simply experience an exciting adventure story in the form of a special musical," promises composer Gisle Kverndokk.
The Upper Austrian Helmut Gragger will open a social bakery in Vienna next week. In the social bakery, people find a job who need special support due to their fate, be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015. The refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old Helmut Gragger met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charity and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, met with the Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz. The President of the United States, Sebastian Kurz, was the Austrian Chancellor of the United States. The President of the United States, Trevor Traina, was the Austrian Ambassador to Austria. Trevor Traina said that Trump has made his frustration in dealing with the EU clear. Traina, who was instrumental in bringing about the visit, sees an interesting and potentially important role for the Austrian Chancellor in the current crisis between the United States and Europe. Traina said that the President of the United States has expressed his wishes for Europe to the Chancellor, and hoped that the President could organize an answer. Because the negotiations are currently mainly about threats. The USA is considering punitive tariffs for European, but above all German cars. A measure that will cost thousands of jobs in Austria almost every second.
Worm diseases are on the rise in Austria. Because of the warmer temperatures, former travel sicknesses are also becoming common in Austria. Worms often need an intermediate host. Mosquitoes often fulfill this function in the cycle of nature. Because of the warmer temperatures and the hot, long summers, the risk of transmission increases. When a mosquito sucks the blood of an infected animal, it ingests the worm larvae. With the next sting, she carries the parasite to a new host. Eyeworm The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the disease. If left untreated, the retina is damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm "Eyeworm is currently much rarer than skinworm or heartworm," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. The skinworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in the blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The treatment can be carried out with medication or by a surgical intervention.
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official managed to contact the accident victim via SMS and narrow down the scene of the accident. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, according to Preimesberger, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was a soldier in the 1950s. The red light shows him standing at the microphone, the green is his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to regional media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer: If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop and the journey was free. However, the traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty.
Martin Gruber was the new party chairman of the Carinthian ÖVP. He was elected in the board meeting with only one dissenting vote. He will then be finally chosen at a state party conference. He earned his first spurs in the state government as a personal advisor to the former ÖVP chairman Josef Martinz. In 2009, at the age of 25, he was elected mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She resides in the German town of Pinneberg and has Down syndrome. The latter is the reason why a so-called severely handicapped ID card was issued in her name. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely handicapped ID card is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of wealthy industrialists in Stockholm. He worked, among other things, as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviet Union and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date of his disappearance. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least 5 years after his disappearance, and there are traces of life up to the end of July 1947."
The World Health Organization ( WHO) has published a report on the life expectancy of men. The report shows that men have an average of 4.4 years earlier than women. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress in health worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 years to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer.
Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at the Austrian Airport of Vienna. The problem with the socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings were all counterfeits. Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets, have now been taken out of circulation at the Austrian Airport of Vienna. Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings are all counterfeit socks.
Last week, 5 panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the panda enclosure. Now many visitors want to see the panda bears in person, but they have to queue to do so. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was three-year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz and her dad Martin. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," laughs Papa Martin. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. The fifty-year-olds are now in their 50th year of age. The fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new guide "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are going into retirement, there is a shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are going into (early) retirement, there is a shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not resilient or often ill, inflexible or not very willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume. What distinguishes over 50-year-olds on the labor market from younger job changers? The qualifications of many of today's 50-year-olds, who were well-trained specialists at the beginning of their careers, have often not been able to keep up with rapid digital progress. That is why continuing education is so important to them. Those over 50 who invest in cross-industry skills score particularly well here: foreign languages, IT or key skills such as project or process management or scrum masters. It's important for transitioners over 50 to know their transferable skills.
The Burgenland Red Cross is the first responder in Burgenland. The Red Cross volunteers are usually the first to respond in emergencies and can save lives. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber, who works on a voluntary basis. Around 2,500 times a year, the Red Cross volunteers are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the 3 tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. On the tables in the second room are cards with the inscriptions in English, German, French and Russian. German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. But first I have to improve my German skills. Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay here." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." Project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners - from all countries. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be one month old. The sex of the twins has already been determined. "In the meantime, you can clearly see on the photos that it's a boy and a girl," says zoo director Dagmar Schratter. "After three males, we are very happy that one of the two young is a female." Yang Yang is already a mother of five. Her first offspring was born in 2007 and it was Fu Long. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. All three males now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock. Yang Yang can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat.
On August 9, a truck driver from the Amstetten district in Austria let a ten-year-old boy drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height, the Lower Austrian police said. The father had filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25, but the 41-year-old from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father. The chauffeur is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering the safety of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St. Pölten and the responsible district administration authority.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the Austrian National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Parliament. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. The National Council voted on the reform of the Austrian social security system. Criticism came from the House of Representatives from Tyrol's black head of the AK and Vice President of the Chamber of Labor Erwin Zangerl, who spoke of a "socio-political tragedy". The pensioners put on tougher bandages on the day of the decision: the constitutional complaint of the Senior Citizens' Council against the reform of the social security system is now fixed. Presidents Ingrid Korosec and Peter Kostelka consider the fact that there will be no statutory representation of interests in the new social insurance bodies to be formed even after the reform.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle or a weight bench: the body reacts to heavy exertion by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern sportswear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of the Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian.
The government in Austria passed many laws. Some of the laws are controversial, such as a new ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons and a ban on knives for foreigners. Others are not so controversial, such as a ban on turquoise blue and turquoise blue blue. The government wants to ban the extremist symbols of terrorist organizations, especially those from Islamic countries, whose goals contradict the basic values of the Republic of Austria.
There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, caregivers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, caregivers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are also the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee accommodations.
Numerous home remedies are recommended for migraine pain, but only a few have actually been tested. A recent study confirms the effectiveness of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with migraine attacks are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients then filled out a headache diary after 1 hour, after 1 hour, and after 2 hours. In addition, the intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment. The difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
The Viennese are very interested in what they know about their own city. For several years there have been a wide range of city walks in Vienna. This ranges from small neighborhood tours by Viennese for Viennese to themed tours by professional tourist guides. The Viennese wanted to get to know the culture and history better. On the other hand, at some point they realize that there is so much to discover in Vienna that they don't even know yet. Half of the participants in such tours are from Vienna and the surrounding area. The special tours were particularly well received - on topics such as eroticism, taxes and crime stories.
Judges, civil servants and employees will be cut from the 2018/19 budget. There is a massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this protest will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian Heinz-Christian wrote the following: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The ORF anchorman Armin Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit. Strache apologized to the ORF employees via an advertisement and had to pay 10,000 euros, which the ORF moderator donated.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is closed the most in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is only 11 days. The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for 5 days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach. Some are on the trampoline, others are splashing, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for four weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother.
A new study shows that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology.
An iceberg in Antarctica could soon form. According to scientists, the iceberg will probably detach itself from the Larsen C Ice Shelf in Antarctica. The iceberg is about 5,000 square kilometers long. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice there for a long time. In December, the gap was extended by 18 kilometers. Now the iceberg is only held by a connection point about 20 kilometers long. According to the researchers, the breaking off of the ice giant should not have any long-term consequences. However, they fear that the ice shelf will continue to calve and possibly become unstable in the long term.
The world's first floating farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is being processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing. For the city of Rotterdam, the floating farm closes an ecological cycle: recycling and upcycling of the cow manure is used for the production of dairy products. The cowshed is also used for parks. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed. The rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
If you have children, you may remember the ice shake called Slushie, which the offspring tasted "great" a few years ago. Now he's grown up - crushed ice is mixed with wine and fruit in a blender. Incidentally, this also works very well at home. For example, mix strawberries with Chardonnay, white wine with watermelon or Prosecco with vineyard peaches. Incidentally, this also works very well at home. If you want to be right in 2017, you can confidently order a wine slushie. Crushed ice cream with wine and fruit If you have children, you may remember the ice shake called Slushie, which the offspring tasted "great" a few years ago. Now he's grown up - crushed ice is mixed with wine and fruit in a blender. Incidentally, this also works very well at home. If you want to be right in 2017, you can confidently order a wine slushie.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least 3 deep breaths. An insult has the same effect on our body as we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. If you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said as one understood it. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
Shiitake mushrooms are very popular in Japan and China. Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushrooms supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The shiitake mushroom is also very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have good protein content, but at the same time very few calories and no fat.
Vienna is the friendliest city in the world for expats. Vienna is the most friendly city in the world for expats who work and live abroad. In the overall ranking, Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of expats in Vienna said it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make friends: 42 percent said it was easy to make new friends with Austrians. "Once you have made friends with Austrians, it is very important to them," noted an expat from Venezuela. According to the survey, people are the least friendly in Riyadh, Stockholm and Stuttgart.
Some people make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia? Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on Christmas in another part of the world, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Chicken is the order of the day in the sushi paradise. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. This applies to almost all regions of the world. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, eight times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of Christmas as the gifts for the children. Speaking of the fact that the tropics have become more important as a place of longing for Christmas, there are very natural reasons: While our living rooms first have to be decorated with poinsettias or Advent stars, the plant scientifically called "Euphorbia pulcherrima" just grows there in parks and on the roadside.
The 2016/17 academic year, which starts on October 1st, will bring, among other things, the start of joint teacher training courses at teacher training colleges and universities. In addition, a new career model for young scientists comes into effect, which allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools). In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, 4 associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose. The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
Sabrina Limbeck has had this experience. Her partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She also worked as a crisis care mother, so you always have to say goodbye to foster children. She founded the first separation clinic in Vienna. The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. Once a week, up to twelve affected people meet to share their experiences. The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. In the past, the number of civil servants who were assigned to the community service organizations was around 93 percent. But the coming years could bring some support facilities in staff shortages, concerning civil servants. According to the new law, there should be fewer emergency organizations in the future. In addition, it is becoming more difficult for civil servants to work their way through their service while on sick leave. Finally, a kind of state knowledge for civil servants is planned. In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations.
In Upper Austria, there are no special gates at the district authorities and magistrates. The only exception is Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading security since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at three district authorities in Upper Austria. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, from the ÖVP, said: "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country house. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, from the ÖVP. "That has changed."
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB. It ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated world champion Germany 2:1. The team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Germany started the match with Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in the left. Germany controlled the game with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. The Germans were given further opportunities, but the Germans were given further opportunities. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant game. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target. A dream goal. Two minutes later, Alaba initiated the next big chance with a dream pass to Arnautovic, but Neuer parried with a reflex. Germany's national coach Joachim Löw fiddled around in the coaching zone with dissatisfaction. Austria took more risk, finally created pressure and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and three minutes later Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1, which is well worth seeing. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria took the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them celebrated a historic victory.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick, an operations manager of the private rescue service Distress Alert. The accident happened near Carletonville in South Africa.
There are many ways you can help a homeless person. For example, you can donate a braid to a child with cancer. For example, you can donate a braid to a child with cancer. For example, you can donate a braid to a child with cancer. For example, you can donate a braid to a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or the Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania.
In the 8th century, the settlement of Birka, Sweden, was considered one of the largest Viking settlements. The researchers found that the woman who was buried was a warrior. The researchers were able to determine that the woman was very mobile. Another indication that she was a warrior on the move.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees of the ORF will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF headquarters in Burgenland will be renovated and the ORF directors will be replaced by the former ORF editor Walter Schneeberger. The ORF directors will also be replaced by Karlheinz Papst, who was at the headquarters for 18 years. The previous editor-in-chief, Walter Schneeberger, should remain in his position. However, with the proviso that he proves his "ability to work in a team" and that he recognizes Herics' leadership role. That could be an emotionally Herculean task, because 56-year-old Walter Schneeberger from Burgenland and 51-year-old Werner Herics from southern Burgenland, who was most recently entrusted with organizing the renovation of the ORF headquarters in Vienna, were already in a competitive relationship before Walter Schneeberger became editor-in-chief. In addition, Walter Schneeberger had recently applied for the position of state director. Just like Pope, program director Gaby Schwarz and ex-program director Doris Fennes-Wagner.
The US President Donald Trump and North Korea's ruler Kim Jong-un will meet again after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time that an incumbent US president has met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim Jong-un said he is willing to denuclear North Korea. But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear weapons and what the US can do in return.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. The quartet Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on recipients of unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans.
Verena Preiner, 24 years old, was in Doha for the World Cup of Women's athletics. She threw her spear, which she thres on the tartan track. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics is the largest sporting event in the world. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Womens athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Doha. The World Cup of Women's athletics takes place in Qatar.
Brazilian football player Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the game Partizan Belgrade won 1-0 by Everton Luiz, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears.
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals are the goals of the United Nations. The goal is to have access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by the year 2030. The goal is to have access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by the year 2030. Access to such everyday things generally improves with increasing income, but this is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study. The study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in Laxenburg near Vienna, is located in Austria. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electrification rate of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country actually has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity from 20 to 80 percent of the population. However, it took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The new protective cover is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons of metal. It is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the cost of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he is just 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother takes care of the offspring.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no research study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account.
In Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the only food bank in Austria. The Pannonian Food Bank distributes food to people who don't have enough money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. And then there is the “living room” where people talk about death and life. The Pannonian Food Bank opens its doors 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel itself is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students had made themselves. This money will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is urgently needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum income standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Tafel in the form of a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT 37 3300 0000 0221 5523; www.pannonischetafel.com
The tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the coast of India's east coast on Friday, according to the Indian Meteorological Authority. More than 1 million people were brought to safety. More than a million people had previously been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. The tropical cyclone "Fani" was the strongest tropical cyclone in many years. In 1999, a tropical cyclone swept across Odisha at speeds of 260 km/h, killing more than 10,000 people. At least 300,000 people died in that deadliest tropical cyclone in Bangladesh in 1970.
Rosie was homeless when she was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. She wanted a job and her own four walls. Susanne Peter, the social worker at the crypt, helped her find a place to stay. She looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. "The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible," says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros per month to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit "her party". A few years ago, when she was even better on her feet, she cooked for the homeless. "The tomb helped me, and if they need help there now, I'll help. Of course," says Rosie.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said that sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction". The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the "need for a pan-European solution" had been pushed aside. At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue," Merkel added. This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders.
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete, according to the Ministry of Social Affairs.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87 in Australia. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. He also won four doubles titles and one mixed title. He coached women's tennis stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. Mervyn Rose was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of nominating Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank ( ECB ). In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, she will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
The Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine says that people who suffer from a cold 2 to 3 times a year, have a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. When an infection causes the nose to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish. The secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and correct blowing of the nose in football matches. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this means that the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. The result is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing, says Gerd Rasp. What shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube. This can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
Atletico Madrid also won the third final in the history of the Europa League. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday evening in the Stade de Lyon. The Spaniards won the European Cup competition against Olympique Marseille, as they did in 2010 and 2012. The French players were favourites. The Spaniards scored 5 and 6 goals in the competition. The Spanish striker Antoine Griezmann scored the third goal. The Spanish striker Antoine Griezmann scored the third goal in the European Cup competition. It will probably be the last European Cup final for Atletico, as he is being courted fiercely by league rivals and champions FC Barcelona. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup, after a 2-1 win in Madrid and a 0-0 draw in Marseille in 2008 in the Champions League.
German researchers have found that dancing and endurance training improve the brain area. They studied volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years. In the study, we were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,887 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,884 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,138 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,868 people going into private bankruptcy.
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited the island of Cuba. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba last year, 13 percent more than in 2015. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms will be built in Cuba.
Hurricane "Michael" hit Florida with force on Wednesday and caused extreme weather chaos and destruction in the north-west of the state. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. The power went out in the areas that were particularly hard hit. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. But he said that many people were not prepared to leave the area. Many people did not follow the warning. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since the weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a tree fell on a house near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The World Cup will take place in 2026. The World Cup is the largest soccer tournament in the world. The World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the world. The World Cup will be held in 2026.
In Austria, the government wants to expand the duo of patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. The law, which is to be passed in the parliament on Friday, says that data from state-managed databases should be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad may request the data: anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for the costs - such as a doctoral student - has a legal right to it, says data protection officer Werner Reiter. Is that important? There are highly controversial opinions on this. Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable for long-term studies. The fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age was only determined by such data. Data protectionists, on the other hand, argue that information about the state of health of people can flow to the economy.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine immediately spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are among the standard ingredients. The majority of self-mixed sunscreens only provide protection against the sun's dangerous UV rays. Inadequate protection The survey was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida. The researchers found that almost 70 percent of the recipes for homemade sunscreens are not suitable for sun protection. The study, published in the journal Health Communication, also found that many sunscreen formulations are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens.
For 20 years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring countries had been fighting each other for 2 years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died during the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
The Austrian Federal Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk will be the Austrian President of the EU Council on the Planai in Schladming, Austria. They will be the Austrian President of the EU Council of Europe. The Austrian President will be the head of the EU Council of Europe. The President of the Council of Europe will be Austria's Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. It is a fat-soluble vitamin. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Vitamin D can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About two servings of oily fish or at least four eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health. Severe deficiency Severe vitamin D deficiency can lead to rickets, a growth disorder of the bones, and to osteomalacia, a softness of the bones.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. This is because of a complete renovation of the track bed and the tracks themselves. Around 57,000 people travel on this section every day. The Wiener Linien recommend that you switch to other lines. Specifically, there are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. According to Winter, the 14 vehicles would not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 passengers who travel daily on the affected U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as a replacement service. Not least because of the risk of traffic jams at the western entrance and western exit, the company recommends using rail routes - i.e. buses and trains. The trams 49, 52 and 58 - they are run more often - run close to or partly parallel to the U4. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed from Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub.
On Wednesday, Portugal qualified for the round of 16 of the European Football Championship in France. Hungary scored 3 goals against Portugal, but Cristiano Ronaldo scored 2 goals against Hungary. Hungary scored 2 goals against Portugal, but Cristiano Ronaldo scored 1 goal against Hungary. Hungary is the first player to have scored at least one goal in 4 consecutive EUROs.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz has died of cancer. He was 78 years old. Gary Kurtz was a producer of the first two Star Wars films. The first two Star Wars films were "The Empire Strikes Back" and "The Empire Strikes Again". The Star Wars film series is known for being one of the most popular films of all time. After the first Star Wars film, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, An Honorable Theft and An Honorable Theft. Kurtz leaves behind his wife and three children. He was married three times in total. The family have said: "Gary was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor whose work and talent spanned film, photography, music and film history. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being." Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew tweeted: "A great filmmaker and human being has passed away. Without him there would have been no "power". You will be remembered in the films you made that impacted the lives of millions."
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks - that inevitably entails problems and the potential for conflict. It came as a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium.
When dealing with complicated colleagues, it is important to familiarize yourself with the different types of colleagues. The Right-Hover The Right-Hover is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. The creative slob The creative slob is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, the chaotic people are often planned. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results. When dealing with the chaos head, the following advice should apply: hold back your own opinion and don't try to change your colleagues. Instead, formulate criticism constructively and praise the creative chaos for positive behavior. This motivates him and strengthens the willingness to communicate. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is "Complicated colleagues and superiors". The schemer Extreme caution is required when dealing with the schemer: his ambition drives him to spread and spread gossip. Employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness. The pessimist The following advice should apply: Anyone who recognizes the difference between complaining and real criticism and sees the pessimist as a professional skeptic uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team ", advises the expert. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, the naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. Employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness. Anyone who recognizes the difference between complaining and real criticism and sees the pessimist as a professional skeptic uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize was given to four winners on three continents. The award was given to four winners on three continents on Tuesday. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a distance from the traditional Nobel Prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food”, which improved the lives of 400 million people. The award, which is worth around 105,000 euros each, also goes to the Ethiopian Yetnebersh Nigussie for her commitment to people with disabilities in Africa and worldwide. Investigative journalist Khadija Ismayilova from Azerbaijan gets the award for her courageous exposure of corruption at the highest level of government, which also landed her in prison. The non-endowed honorary award goes to the American environmental lawyer Robert Bilott, who represented 70,000 people in the US state of West Virginia in a legal dispute. With their courageous work, the award winners met some of the world's most pressing challenges, explained the director of the Right Livelihood Award Foundation, Ole von Uexküll. "At a time of alarming setbacks for democracy, their achievements show us the way to a just, peaceful and sustainable world for all." The Alternative Nobel Prizes have been awarded to fighters for human rights, environmental protection and peace since 1980.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines plane bound for Guangzhou after one of the nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again thoroughly inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant called "Starbucks" has announced that it will open 300 stores in Italy in the next six years. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard capital. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee stronghold of Italy had come to nothing - the competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries.
The broadcaster ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a PR product for the police. As with all productions, the final responsibility for the production is with ATV. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. The broadcaster said that they have been working with the police for over 10 years and also maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units". The format, an in-house production, is "entirely based on real operations and ongoing investigations that are filmed live".
Kurt Wilhelm, the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on the Neubaugasse in Vienna, is against the double route of the bus line. He thinks that the double route will improve the street. He thinks that the street will be greened to avoid urban heat islands. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. He thinks the encounter zone is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But he is afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minute intervals. On the part of the business people, they don’t want to be an obstacle. "Overall concept" Peter Herzog, operator of the Sonnentor branch, takes the same view. He doesn't want to be an obstacle, he says. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions."
The new head of the cabinet, Hans Peter Doskozil, is the first woman in the history of the Armed Forces. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The very appointment of the current head of cabinet, Lieutenant General Karl Schmidseder, was a political signal from Doskozil. Back then it was about getting the generals back on board. A civilian worked in the cabinet of his predecessor, Gerald Klug, and the basis for discussion between the political leadership and the generals was damaged. The problem no longer exists. The communication between Doskozil and Chief of Staff Othmar Commenda is described as excellent.
On January 29th, the TV show "Kitchen Impossible" will be on the air. In each episode, two of the chefs will travel to two different destinations in the same country. There, a local chef will serve you his favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. Then, a jury of regular guests will assess how well it has worked.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases: These are the biggest annoyances for consumers who turn to the Internet for complaints about products. Katrin Mittl-Jobst is a member of the Association for Consumer Information. She works with consumer complaints on the Internet website: www. Verbraucher.at/Lebensmittel-Check Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers: Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside", she says. Several hundred people complained to the Internet about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly." Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: raspberry bars - made from banana When pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside. A favorite excitement in this area: Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar, which according to the VKI consists primarily of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, but it doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are just as unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything but from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen – more often than consumers would like – behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been quietly and secretly reduced.
The government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups in Syria have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The agreement is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. He said that the ceasefire is an "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat al-Sham.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left the country. She is united with her family. The newspaper quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook. Accordingly, Asia Bibi has moved with her husband to the country where her 2 daughters are already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Charged with blasphemy Asia Bibi was the first Catholic in Pakistan to be charged with blasphemy. She was sentenced to death in 2010. In 2014, a court in Lahore upheld the death sentence. In 2015, another court ordered the execution suspended. Another appeal process followed. Since then, nothing has legally stood in the way of Asia Bibi and her family leaving the country. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
On Friday night, the authorities were in the dark for a long time. On Twitter and Facebook, people can take part in the latest news. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening, there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on site quickly. The police have 4,310 police officers, 4 of them with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a real-time short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. On Twitter, people can share their news with anyone. On Facebook, people can share their news with anyone. On Twitter, people can take part in the latest developments. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening, there will be almost 2,300 police officers, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police have 4,310 police officers, 4 of them with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening, there will be almost 2,300 police officers, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police have 4,310 police officers, 4 of them with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, people can take part in the latest developments online. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening, there will be almost 2,300 police officers, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police have 4,310 police officers, 4 of them with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police had 4,310 emergency calls on Friday night, 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of live reports, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine in the evening, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it only becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators. Shots were still fired at Stachus or near Marienplatz. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use of Twitter. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least three perpetrators. New horror reports pop up: shots are said to have been fired at the Stachus, a popular square in Munich's old town. Another shooting near the subway station at Marienplatz was circulated on Twitter. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police had 4,310 emergency calls on Twitter. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use of Twitter. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. The police asked: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." The police asked: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that". Because, as it only becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators.
Children who see fast food advertisements are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such advertisements. The parents were followed for a year for the study. The children were between 3 and 5 years old. Every eight weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much fast food advertisements children had noticed in children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly themselves. Results: Children who had seen a lot of fast food advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as children without such advertisements. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
Because it was her heart's last wish, the Forth Clinic in Germany brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse, a spokesman for the hospital said on Thursday. The team from the clinic did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic's courtyard possible. The spokesman said: "There are no limits for us. A call doesn't cost anything. You can always ask questions and the person asked can always say 'no'."
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and, together with their 2 sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. Van der Bellen also mourns with his current wife Doris Schmidauer for their father Ernst Schmidauer, who died on Sunday. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the President's Office.
In the wild, the birds don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools in different ways. For example, they use a piece of cardboard or a piece of beeswax. The birds quickly realized that there was not much to do with the wax, it just stuck to their beaks and let it go. However, all four of them were able to produce useful tools from the beech branches and get to the nut. Those who cut off all the leaves at once were faster than the lazy ones, who first tried it with half-leaf twigs and then had to correct them so that their chopsticks fit through the hole up to the nut. In addition to Figaro, two other cockatoos broke shavings from the board and got the reward out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts up to 16 days earlier than it did in the past ten years. The researchers believe that this is due to the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
After being convicted of three counts of sexual assault, the actor and comedian Bill Cosby has started his prison sentence. Police officers led the 81-year-old actor and comedian out of the courtroom in Norristown, Pennsylvania, in handcuffs on Tuesday. The police officers said that he will not apologize for his job. The police officers released the photo shortly afterwards, which shows Cosby in a white shirt with suspenders. He looks dejected in the photo and is not looking at the camera. Cosby's defense attorney, Joseph Green, tried to get Cosby released on bail pending a decision on the planned appeal. This would be tried in the next higher court, the Superior Court in Harrisburg. This court must hear the case, unlike the higher Supreme Court, the highest court in the state of Pennsylvania. Cosby also faces a $25,000 fine and court costs. Cosby declined the opportunity to comment conclusively at the trial. He also did not respond to questions from reporters.
The construction of the Linke Wienzeile is still going on. The Linke Wienzeile is between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. It will be closed from September 2 to September 19th. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How will this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. The construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number. Peter Lenz says: "I don't know the exact number." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: “Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz.” Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. You can't just pick a cycle path there. Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces. Is there a consolation for that? Yes. Visitors to the Naschmarkt can park for less in the surrounding garages. The first hour will be free. The residents of the 6th district are offered cheaper long-term parking spaces. How are the police involved? Around 30 police officers are on duty in the area for the duration of the construction site. For example, they will take up positions at the crossing plateaus and make sure that drivers do not block crossings. Drivers should not expect too much tolerance. If someone wants to know, they will act as normal officials. What will the situation look like after the conversion on the Linke Wienzeile? After the work is completed, two lanes will be available again on the Linke Wienzeile. Only the left-turn lane in the Schleifmühlbrücke meeting zone is omitted. A safety strip of up to 1 meter in length will be erected between the roadway and the cycle path. This creates space for getting in and out. What cycling facilities are currently being built? The new crossing at the Gumpendorfer Gurtel is almost complete. In the course of this work, the road widened in the vicinity of the Wallgasse to offer cyclists more space.
WhatsApp has been used to spread fake news and propaganda in many countries. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary announced this on Monday, as reported by Reuters. The Whatsapp app was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world.
In Austria there are almost 700 wild bee species. They are known as the blue carpenter bee and the pale yellow bumblebee and the gray sand bee. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the bees are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Robert Brodschneider. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction also makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks with flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question.
Cat colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. "Cat flu is actually an umbrella term for contagious diseases of the respiratory tract and the mucous membranes of the head," says Katharina Reitl. The veterinarian explains which symptoms bother the cat, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Findings “Cat cold is caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other,” says the veterinarian. As a result, the cause of the disease cannot be easily determined. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat. The results are not one hundred percent reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the cat is healthy: it is possible that not enough mucous membrane was scraped off. Treatment "The therapy depends primarily on the severity," explains the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal. Prevention "There is a vaccination that primarily protects against the therapeutically difficult triggers of cat colds," says the veterinarian.
In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. In the future, the animals may only be used every other day. The operating time will be reduced from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces. This makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only animals may be used as draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training condition, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse.
On March 15, the Global Strike For Future (GfF) will be held in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, the Global Strike For Future network said on Monday. The Global Strike For Future (GfF) will be organized in almost 500 cities around the world in a week and a half. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network. It is possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North. In August 2018, Greta Thunberg began a demonstration in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to fight climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
Peter Matić was 82 years old. He was part of the Austrian Burgtheater. He was a celebrated actor, but only came to the stage in 1993. In the 25 years he has played no fewer than 85 roles. What was special about Peter Matić was that he could easily fill big games with personality. But he could also turn very small figures into precious gems. His last roles Great examples of this are the last roles he played at the Burgtheater: as a rabbi in the dramatization of Joseph Roth's "Job" (directed by Christian Stückl) he was a small, sad, smiling sage. As a district court counselor in "Glaube Liebe Hoffnung" (Director: Michael Thalheimer) he played an Austrian civil servant who is threatened with disappearance. As the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper and in Reichenau. He also played numerous film roles. Character Peter Matić was not only a celebrated actor, he was loved and loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
In New York, many people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". In London and New York, many people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". The event was launched in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Many people took part in New York again this time - and in Washington, many didn't let the snowfall stop them from taking part. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. 40-year-old Sam opted for a suit - no pants. "According to the motto: Why is this guy wearing a tie and no pants?" It's nice to see the reactions of people.
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be a candidate for the next Vienna state elections. She will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019", she said. This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou announced that by the time she leaves, all major projects should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed. She summarized the successes of her tenure: from the redesign of the Mariahilferstraße to numerous other redesigned districts and streets to the 365-euro annual ticket for public transport to the citizens' solar power plants.
The elephants in the Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest. The pachyderms are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, serves to care for their sensitive skin.
The Austrian national soccer team scored their second win in a row. They moved up to third place in the European Championship qualifiers. They are just one point behind second place held by Israel. The Austrian national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifiers.
Two rabbits from a woman from Austria dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. This is celebrating its debut with a match on June 22 against the women's team FC Mariahilf in Vienna. The team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue. The team also includes some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport," says Zennaro.
Tourists are no longer allowed to sit on the famous marble steps in Rome, Italy. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on the famous marble steps in Rome. Violators will face fines of up to 400 euros. Other behaviors that are a nuisance to tourists were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control. The 18th-century Spanish Steps, which lead to the church of Trinita dei Monti, are one of Rome's most famous tourist attractions. In 2016 they were renovated for 1.5 million euros. The outside staircase was not only affected by air pollution, but also by chewing gum, coffee and red wine stains. Other cities in Italy are trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake, obesity and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis and cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol consumption. "In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis and cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol consumption."
The explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria caused one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district, according to the police. According to the police, among the slightly injured are two Serbian and 2 Romanian citizens. According to the police, most of them live in Austria.
The City of Vienna will build six new security bollards in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security bollards should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
The Russian and Syrian governments have agreed to a new cease-fire between the two countries. The cease-fire between Russia and Syria came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST). The cease-fire between Russia and Syrian governments and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo broke out. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" attacked Bustan al-Qasr. An eleven-hour cease-fire between Russia and Syria came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST).
The Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and Project Manager of the Internet Watchlist, have conducted an investigation into online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and Project Manager of the Internet Watchlist, Thorsten Behrens said that the awareness of online fraud among Austria's online consumers has increased. In addition, they always recommend questioning extremely cheap offers and being very cautious when entering personal data. On the website "watchlist-internet.at" consumers will find warnings about online fraud and tips on how to recognize them. For very young people over the age of 19 years, the online ratings of other customers are important. For older people over the age of 60 years, trust in security-certified online providers and those that they have known for a long time. For very young people over the age of 19 years, the online ratings of other customers are important. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about online fraud.
The German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical skull openings have been seen for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the cause is trauma, fractures may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most patients are said to have survived the operation for a long period of time.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died in Vienna, Austria. He was born in Vienna in 1944. His songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija" made him famous. His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he had to take long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibition. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show"
Pre-cut salads are popular because it saves time in the kitchen. The testers from the magazine " Verbraucher " lost their appetite for the pre-cut salad. The testers found that the pre-cut salad contained a high level of germs. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad had a bad smell. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained a lot of mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. Mold can cause food poisoning. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained yeast. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained yeast. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained listeria. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. Mold and listeria The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained yeast. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained yeast. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained listeria. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained mold. The testers also found that the pre-cut salad contained yeast. If you bring the salads home without refrigeration, as consumers probably do, and possibly only consume them at the end of the best-before date, you eat veritable germ spinners," the testers warned.
For the first time in 85 years, the French fashion label Lacoste has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger, and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered. The latter is only emblazoned on a total of 30 polo shirts.
In the United States of America, there are 19 female judges who will be judges in the state of Texas in the future. 17 of them were newly elected at the recent midterm elections. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke lost to Republican Ted Cruz in Texas. "Black Girl Magic" The all-encompassing triumph of the new district judges, on the other hand, is part of the female triumph at the midterm elections - and is not least due to a broad social media campaign. In it, the women referred to themselves as "Houston 19" and campaigned for votes with the slogan "Black Girl Magic".
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro-stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner. Over 2500 fontanelles are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. Heat and drought require these drastic steps. With a total length of 425,000 kilometers, the Italian water supply network is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. While EU countries invest about 80 euros per inhabitant in the water network, it is only about 32 in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half of the water is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. A sub-committee of the UN General Assembly voted on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several states that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
No country adequately protects children's health, their environment and their future. This emerges from a report published by a commission of more than 40 child and youth health experts from around the world. The report was put together by the World Health Organization (WHO), UNICEF, The Lancet, and The Lancet. The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco on children. It is estimated that around 250 million children under the age of 5 in low- and middle-income countries are at risk of not reaching their developmental potential. But even more worrying is that every child worldwide is being impacted by climate change and commercial pressure.
"I'm not staying at home at a time when Europe's old demons are rising again," said Johannes Voggenhuber (68) after List Now boss Maria Stern introduced him as her top candidate for the EU elections. Due to his long political experience, he was "simply the best" in the European Parliament. Voggenhuber said that he was running not least because the idea of European unity was in danger. They are undermined by the government, who are "exercising their egoism on the backs of Europe". Another new name Voggenhuber made it clear that this was not a conventional candidate. He is running independently, with the support of the list "Now". In order to underline this independence in the EU elections, Voggenhuber will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, a new name was found: "Initiative 1 Europe". He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the campaign. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens.
Hong Kong mourns the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday at the age of 38. She was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three. Veterinarians from the Departments of Agriculture, Fisheries, Conservation and Ocean Park decided to euthanize her for ethical reasons and to avoid further suffering for Jia Jia. "We knew this day was coming, but it's still sad for everyone at the park, especially the zoo keepers who have cared for them for years," said Ocean Park CEO Leo Kung. Birthday cake For her 37th birthday, Jia Jia enjoyed a colorful birthday cake made of water ice, decorated with fruit and bamboo shoots. At the time, she broke the record for the oldest captive panda. According to the environmental organization WWF, there are only 2,000 giant pandas left in the wild.
Norbert Schnedl is the new leader of the powerful civil servants' union. He is the new chairman of the civil servants' union. Schnedl is a 56-year-old black man. He is the head of the Christian Union. He is calling for a radical reduction of working hours. He is also calling for a 3.5-day week for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. As is well known, the People's Party calls for more flexible working hours, which has nothing to do with a reduction. And the more closely one listens to the party, the more often - especially in industrial circles - one hears calls for longer working hours. So Schnedl gets excited. In the KURIER interview on Thursday, he specified his ideas. Schnedl says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a 3.5-day week would mean 28 hours per week. The GÖD boss says: "If the studies are correct, that in the next 15 years between 40 and 55 percent of all jobs will be replaced by computer-aided machines, software and robots, then of course the reduction in working hours has to be addressed."
The 27th New Year's Eve Festival in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center as well as one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival culminated at midnight with two fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. There will be 11 islands, 11 stages and 600 hours of programming. Swedish singer Mando Diao and the Swedish band Mando Diao were announced as headliners a month ago. There will also be a Falco tribute this year. The Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will be performing there on Saturday. The Falco tribute concert will take place there on Saturday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja. Rainhard Fendrich will also present his new album "Schworzoderweiss". On Sunday, the festival stage is all about Rainhard Fendrich. He will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole" and "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will also honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Mando Diao and Der Nino from Vienna will perform there on Saturday, and Mattersburg's indie popper Garish on Sunday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday, followed by Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer. For the first time, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time. Incidentally, you can get all the information about the Danube Island Festival via the free Donauinsel app.
The ORF has redesigned its TVthek. The new TVthek is now available on the Internet and on the mobile phones. The new TVthek has also been redesigned. The new design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern. If you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites function. The search offers targeted suggestions.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Austria. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, the pretzel stick is topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Ankerbrot wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a broadcast on Tuesday by Ankerbrot boss Lydia Gepp. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on the Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers, not just vegans, increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. The branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are currently planned, the company said. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published.
More and more Austrians are arming themselves and want to buy security. The industry's turnover with burglary-resistant doors for apartments and houses in Austria rose to 130.3 million euros in 2015, according to a report from the consultants Kreutzer Fischer & Partner. Investments are particularly strong in apartments. The trend towards security doors in the upper security classes. The demand for security doors of the highest class in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent last year. Apartment doors are usually only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as the basement door or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, it would be the fourth announcement. But the fourth announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the state chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. It is a double burden that is too much for him, there were rumors in Berlin. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country has two government crises. Controversial It would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But as soon as he took office, he sparked a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany, without any constructive suggestions from it. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people directly at the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. However, Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. He let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, but the coalition partner SPD was also on edge.
Every third Christmas cookie from the supermarket is baked with palm oil: Even biscuits such as coconut balls or cinnamon stars are now baked with palm oil by the industry. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from Billa, Denn's, Hofer, Lidl, Merkur and Penny. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the traditional recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to carefully select the ingredients. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant was a basketball player from Los Angeles. Kobe Bryant played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He won 5 NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain, defend. Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and 3 other daughters.
Asfinag's section control systems have become an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the Ostautobahn near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked for construction and construction of the motorway and expressway. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible.
The United States Democratic Party has elected Tom Perez as their new leader. The 55-year-old, civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez, is a close associate of Bernie Sanders, who lost in the presidential primary. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council of Austria pardoned twelve prisoners. The National Council of Austria is the Federal Government of the Federal Republic of Austria. The Christmas clemency is the responsibility of the President of the Federal Republic of Austria. Since Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been taken over by the National Council President Doris Bures.
In Austria, about 75,700 nursing staff will be needed by 2030. There is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is therefore promoting 18 training centers for nursing and social professions. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria. Caritas President Michael Landau says that the first measures taken in the direction of a nursing staff shortage are offensive. At the same time, he calls for rapid support so people can switch more easily to nursing professions. Financial security during the retraining period would be a main requirement.
Novak Djokovic reached his 16th Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. It was his fifth Grand Slam final. It was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. And also the best. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his fifth Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his fifth Grand Slam final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his fifth Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his fifth Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam Final.
The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a decree on Monday. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers against knife attacks. The police standby unit in Vienna can use tasers against knife attacks. The taser can help above all when, for example, knife attacks have to be warded off. In missions where such attacks are to be expected, the taser should also be available at the scene.
The Association of German Toy Dealers has to recall the wooden rollercoaster with 3 rollercoasters of the German company SpielMaus Holz. The rollercoaster is a wooden roller coaster with three rollercoasters. The rollercoaster is made of wood and has been around 3500 pieces in total. The rollercoaster can be dangerous for small children. There are no reports of injuries from the rollercoasters. There are around 3500 pieces in total, which have been sold through VEDES wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own this product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from the market for the benefit of consumers.
Even before the parliamentary vote on a general ban on glyphosate, the University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study with the support of the Agency for Food Safety. According to the available data, there is no increased risk for glyphosate compared to other herbicides. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is "no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures."
Austria's football champion, Christoph Freund has signed a new contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg until the end of the year 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying in a press release. "At the same time, it is also an obligation to continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking with his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the conflict.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was heard again and again in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, in the Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was also accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States is accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations. The President of the United States was accused of abuse of power and obstruction of congressional investigations.
The FPÖ-Alliance "Offensive against the Right" announced on Tuesday that it would again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. In recent years, demonstrations against the fraternity-ball have caused large-scale closures in the city center. The FPÖ-Alliance "Offensive against the Right" will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ-Alliance will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-fascism.
The world's largest coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, may be in more danger than previously thought. Current aerial photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. This is the 4th bleaching event to affect the Great Barrier Reef, after 1998, 2002 and 2016. Until now, there have always been several years between bleaching periods, in which the Great Barrier Reef was able to recover. Professor Terry Hughes warned that the only way to save the Great Barrier Reef is to fight climate change with determination.
The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned in a broadcast on Monday.
Born in 2 minutes, not only in 2 days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. The twins were born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., their brother was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was quoted as saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos Islands, there are some giant tortoises. They are called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on the Galapagos islands. The giant tortoises are called "Lonesome George" when it was discovered on Pinta Island in 1971. George died in 2012 at the age of 90. George is the last of his subspecies. His attempts to mate with females of a related subspecies had failed.
The Austrian team players will not have any time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: If Austria wins the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austria team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day after their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland.
The Working Hours Act has been in force since September. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. After cases in Vienna, Tyrol and Salzburg, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer in writing from the outset. A new employee from Spittal an der Drau was asked to declare her “express and voluntary willingness” to work up to 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. Otherwise she probably wouldn't have gotten the job, which the AK describes as "unsurpassable cynicism". This is a voluntary act forced by fear of a job. "Tip of the iceberg" This is also where the political dispute comes in, because government representatives have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more.
"Yes, that's a shitty measure," said Prime Minister Mark Rutte. The Netherlands have now introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround: A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The chestnuts, which are actually a special breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and the winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients of chestnuts shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy staple. What you need to know about chestnuts:
Vienna Airport is one of the world's most important airports. The airport is located in Vienna, Austria. Vienna Airport has 6 of the most modern airport extinguishers. The extinguishers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding. For the investment of 5 million euros, Vienna will save 4 million euros. Vienna Airport Board Member Julian Jäger is the best bidder for the extinguishers. Jäger said that with the performance of the extinguishers, it is possible to use fewer vehicles to supply the required quantities of extinguishing agents, which have to be ready at the fire site within 3 minutes. This means that the current number of extinguishers can be reduced to eight.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the class had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth, as the mother of a student tells the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars.
A strong earthquake on Kos has killed at least 2 people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake, buildings showed cracks or even collapsed. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured. Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of Kos. At the time of the earthquake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two young tourists were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness.
More and more suppliers are getting involved in the Austrian sparkling wine market. Ten years ago, 70 Austrian wineries and wineries produced sparkling wine, now there are almost twice as many. Already ten percent of the vineyards are sparkling. The bottle prices range from 3 to 30 euros. Manufacturers claim that the prices are rising because the quality of sparkling wine has improved. In 2015, the market shrank by 7.5 percent in terms of sales, but grew by 3.5 percent in terms of value. In terms of sales, Hochriegl is the strongest brand in Austria. Like Goldeck, Hochriegl belongs to the Schlumberger Group, which also sells champagne and Prosecco through its sales subsidiary. The second strongest brand is Henkell. The winery from Wiesbaden belongs to the pizza giant Dr. Oetker and also produces the brands Kupferberg Gold, Fürst von Metternich or Söhnlein.
Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Mercedes, the dominant team in Formula 1, has had Valtteri Bottas on the gas since the beginning of the year. Bottas is the director of Formula 1. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the 2 factory teams every ten minutes. Just don't miss a Bottas-Sager. The taciturn Kimi is more about the atmosphere. "Kimi is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that."
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 investigated the question. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. Then they had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The researchers concluded that the amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress.