"Journey around the World" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st at the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. The musical is based on the novel by Jules Vernes. "Around the world in 80 days or how many operas fit into a musical?" The world premiere will be celebrated next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it was decided that the musical should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature.
The Upper Austrian Helmut Gragger will open the social bakery "Gragger & Chorherr" in Vienna next week. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015. The refugee crisis means that people from different countries have their own culture of bread. The Syrian baker should bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old Helmut Gragger also met his current business partner Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. Christoph Chorherr will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than 2 decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years. The employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the new bakery in the Nordbahnviertel." When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail?
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, met with the Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz. The President of the United States is known to be very tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the President of the United States sees the United States being cheated by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House.
In Austria, the eyeworm is very rare. The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the eyeworm. If left untreated, the eye can be damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm "Eyeworm is much rarer than skinworm or heartworm," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo. The skinworms, which can be up to 15 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath.
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official managed to contact the accident victim via SMS and narrow down the scene of the accident. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, according to Preimesberger, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red light shows Elvis standing at the microphone, the green is his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to regional media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, namely exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer. If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop and the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the traffic light. Three weeks after it was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty. Westminster sank again into traffic chaos. But the story of the traffic light had only just begun with the spectacular false start. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber was nominated as the new party chairman by the board of the Carinthian ÖVP. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She resides in the German town of Pinneberg and has Down syndrome. The latter is the reason why a so-called severely handicapped ID card was issued in her name. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely handicapped ID card is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of wealthy industrialists. He worked, among other things, as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least 5 years after his disappearance, and there are traces of his life up to the end of July 1947," said Pia Gustafsson of the Swedish Revenue Agency. However, it is known from secure sources that Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947.
According to the world health statistics, men have an average of 4.4 years less than women. There is also a gap between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide. Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, but men only 62 years. The differences are smallest where women do not have good access to health services. The reason is maternal mortality: In over 90 percent of low-income countries, fewer than four medical nurses, such as midwives, are responsible for childbirth for 1,000 women. It affects one in 3,300 women in high-income countries.
Gucci, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein were on the packaging that was transported to Vienna by air freight. The problem with it: The articles, which have an original value of 5.2 million euros, were all counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. "Especially this big attack makes it clear that product piracy should not be downplayed as a trivial offense," says Gerhard Marosi from the Federal Ministry of Finance. Danger to health According to experience, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products during the run-up to Christmas. Experts emphasize that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, five-month-old panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure for the first time. Now many visitors want to experience the young animals in person. But they have to queue to do so. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was three-year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz Martin. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," laughs Flora. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. Premiere The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their companies and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new guide "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the other hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitalization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not resilient or ill, inflexible and not very willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. And the other prejudices? Counter them proactively. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn.
The Burgenland Red Cross is the first responder in Burgenland. The Red Cross volunteers are usually the first to respond in emergencies and can save lives. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber, who works on a voluntary basis. Around 2,500 times a year, the Red Cross volunteers are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. The language café was set up 3 years ago. The association does not want to make any money with the café. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to consume the cakes. The cakes are affordable at one euro each. Elisabeth Smejkal is one of the honorary moderators who are very popular at the German tables. She works full-time as a designer. But she keeps Wednesday evening free, which is a welcome compensation for her. She explains her commitment as follows: "I like to sit in a group, I like to talk and I like to listen." You always learn something new, says Smejkal. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in the Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The twins are a boy and a girl. The twins are still unknown. With the twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock. They can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat.
On March 25, 2018, a 41-year-old truck driver from the Amstetten district let a ten-year-old boy drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height, the Lower Austrian police said on Monday. The father filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted for the changes. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System on Thursday. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council of the Austrian Parliament voted on the changes to the Austrian Social Security System.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle or a weight bench: the body reacts to heavy exertion by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern sportswear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of the Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian.
The government in Austria passed a number of laws in the National Council in 2018. Some of the most controversial laws were: a ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, and a ban on knives for foreigners. The government also wants to ban the symbols of extremist organizations, especially those from Islamic countries, whose goals contradict the basic values of the Republic of Austria.
The kitchen cleaning service was to blame. Hassan (17) was tasked with keeping the kitchen clean in the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt that day. When he takes a pot of hot water off the stove, empties it and puts it in the dishwasher, he gets into an argument with a roommate: he wants to cook eggs in the water. The two teenagers begin to fight. When Sophie Pogats, the manager of the refugee accommodation found out about the incident, she banned Hassan and his cronies from the house. The two have 24 hours to calm down. They have to spend the night with friends or in the Caritas emergency shelter for young people. Only then are they allowed to return to their quarters. Pogats does not dial the emergency number for the police. But "Rudi, our house policeman," informs the director. "Der Rudi" is Rudolf Greul, the so-called Refugee Contact Officer of the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. The RCOs are on hand when fights break out among the residents, caregivers are threatened or suspicious people are standing in front of the house.
Numerous home remedies are recommended for migraine pain, but only a few have actually been tested. A recent study has confirmed the effectiveness of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group also received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen). The patients filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, after 2 hours, and after 1 and a half and two hours. In addition, the intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
The Viennese are very interested in what concerns their own city. They want to know more about Vienna. For several years there has been a wide range of city walks in Vienna. This ranges from small neighborhood tours by Viennese for Viennese to themed tours by professional tourist guides. "On the one hand, the Viennese wanted to get to know Vienna better. On the other hand, at some point they realize that there is so much to discover in Vienna that they don't even know yet." Half of the participants in such tours are from Vienna and the surrounding area. The special tours were particularly well received - on topics such as eroticism, taxes and crime stories. The KURIER has an overview: Talking statues of Goethe near the Burggarten, Beethoven next to the Ritz-Carlton and the Soviet soldier on Schwarzenbergplatz. All kinds of personalities have already been memorialized in Vienna. Next Sunday and on September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments - and slip into the role of the statues themselves. Info : 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. If you want to look at several objects in the course of a walk, you have to put them together yourself. Info: All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at
Judges, civil servants and employees will be cut from the 2018/19 budget. There is a massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this protest will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also experienced the consequences of sexist postings at a late hour. On Shrove Tuesday at 06.00 a.m. Strache put a photo with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit. Strache apologized to the ORF employees via an advertisement, which the ORF moderator donated.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is the most closed in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is "only" 11 days in the summer. The two municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for five days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach: Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Güttenbach," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for 4 weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother.
A new study shows that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the colossus will probably detach from the Larsen C ice shelf in the polar sea. With an area of around 5,000 square kilometers, it is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice there. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The researchers had observed a large crack in the ice there for a long time. In December, the gap was extended by 18 kilometers. Now the colossus is only held by a connection point about 20 kilometers long. According to the researchers, the breaking off of the colossus should not have any short-term consequences. However, they fear that the ice shelf will continue to calve and possibly become unstable in the long term.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first floating farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. But that's not all: The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how milk is processed. The cows live in spacious cubicles: milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
In the spring of 2017, there will be a new drink called " Kombucha ". The new drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and maple syrup. It is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many soft drinks. And with a dash of gin, the vinegar drink really has summer drink potential. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring of 2017. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol, this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate". And how about the trends in your favorite summer activity, the barbecue? Swineapple Swineapple is now enjoyed there. Behind it is pork, which is stuffed into a hollowed-out pineapple, which in turn is wrapped in bacon.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least three deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The copper it contains - 100 grams contain 30 percent of the daily requirement. The shiitake mushrooms have strong and shiny hair. Vitamin D, which many people do not have enough, can be absorbed not only from the sun but also from shiitake mushrooms.
Vienna is the most unfriendliest city in the world for expats who work and live in the United States. This is according to the "Expat City Ranking 2018". Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier: almost half of expats in Vienna found that it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make friends with Austrians. 42 percent said it was easy to make new friends with Austrians. "Once you have made friends with Austrians, it is very important to them," noted an expat from Venezuela. According to the survey, people are the least friendly in Riyadh, Stockholm and Stuttgart.
Some people make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia? Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on Christmas in another part of the world, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Chicken is the order of the day in the sushi paradise. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. This applies to almost all regions of the world. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, eight times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of Christmas as the gifts for the children. Speaking of the fact that the tropics have become more important as a place of longing for Christmas, there are very natural reasons: While our living rooms first have to be decorated with poinsettias or Advent stars, the plant scientifically called "Euphorbia pulcherrima" just grows there in parks and on the roadside.
In the new academic year, there will be a change in teacher training courses at teacher training colleges (PH) and universities. In addition, a new career model for young scientists comes into effect, which allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the PH. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, 4 associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
A person who has ever been abandoned by their partner knows how painful a separation can be. Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She also worked as a crisis care mother, so you always have to say goodbye to foster children. Together with her colleague, Beatrix Roidinger, the life and social counselor has now founded the Vienna's first separation outpatient clinic. The separation outpatient clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings about the separation. The separation outpatient clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings about the separation. The separation outpatient clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings about the separation.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. In the past, there were only 1,700 organizations. In the future, there will be only 1,700 organizations in Austria. For example, in 2017, there were only 1,700 organizations in Austria. In the future, there will be only 1,700 organizations in Austria. For example, in 2017, around 400 organizations were newly recognized. There are also new requirements for civil servants: the supervisors in the facilities must complete an e-learning about the alternative military service with a final examination. To ensure that the knowledge acquired is not forgotten, the course must be attended again every three years. Anyone who fails is no longer allowed to act as a superior. Basic knowledge in history Something has also been planned for the civil servants to learn. Citizens are obliged to complete an e-learning about the history of Austria and the basic principles of the constitution, the legal system and the EU law. If the final test is passed positively, this should be included in the so-called competence balance sheet, which is handed out to every civil servant at the end of his service. Of course: Whoever skips the module does not have to fear any legal consequences. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for 18 days often results in chain sick leave in practice. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
In Upper Austria, there are no special gates at the district authorities and magistrates. The only exception is Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading security since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at three district authorities in Upper Austria. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, from the ÖVP, said: "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country house. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, from the ÖVP. "That has changed."
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB. It ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated world champion Germany 2:1. The team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Germany started the match with Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in the left. Germany controlled the game with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. The Germans were given further opportunities, but the Germans were given further opportunities. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant game. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target. A dream goal. Two minutes later, Alaba initiated the next big chance with a dream pass to Arnautovic, but Neuer parried with a reflex. Germany's national coach Joachim Löw fiddled around in the coaching zone with dissatisfaction. Austria took more risk, finally created pressure and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and three minutes later Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1, which is well worth seeing. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria took the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them celebrated a historic victory.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick, an operations manager of the private rescue service Distress Alert. The accident happened near Carletonville in South Africa.
There are many organizations that collect donations for children. For example, SOS Children's Villages or Plan collect donations for children, from whom the family also receives a letter. Christmas in a shoebox With this campaign, you pack up presents the size of a shoebox and give them to a family. Reverse Advent Calendar Instead of getting something every day in December, you give something away every day. It doesn't have to be organized, you can just make a homeless person happy. Social service Helping out with the poorest is an eye-opening, no wonder there are many volunteers at Christmas, for example at the crypt. The City of Vienna has also launched its own initiative "Voluntary in Vienna". Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
Buried with a long sword, a battle axe, a spear, a shield and two horses, someone who was buried with so much equipment must have been a great warrior or leader. This is how the spectacular grave find in Birka, Sweden, which is considered one of the largest Viking settlements, has been interpreted since its discovery. However, genetic analysis of the skeleton paint a completely new picture: a research team from Stockholm University sequenced the DNA of the bones - and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move. It has been known for a long time that among the Vikings women fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold significantly higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF director is the person who will be the head of the ORF in Austria. The ORF director will be Werner Herics. Werner Herics will be the state director of the ORF. He will replace Karlheinz Papst, who was at the ORF for 18 years. The previous editor-in-chief, Walter Schneeberger, should remain in his position. However, with the proviso that he proves his "ability to work in a team", i.e. recognizes Herics' leadership role. That could be an emotionally Herculean task, because 56-year-old Walter Schneeberger from northern Burgenland and 51-year-old Werner Herics from southern Burgenland, who was most recently entrusted with organizing the renovation of the ORF headquarters in Vienna, were already in a competitive relationship when Schneeberger became editor-in-chief. In addition, Walter Schneeberger had recently applied for the position of state director. Just like Pope, program director Gaby Schwarz and ex-program director Doris Fennes-Wagner.
The United States and North Korea will meet again eight months after the historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president had met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Trump emphasized his basic willingness to "complete denuclearization". But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear arsenal and what the US can do in return. Trump believes he has averted the war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months". There is still a lot of work to be done, but his relationship with Kim is good. Secret services see it differently The US secret services recently made it clear that there is currently no evidence that North Korea is willing to completely give up its weapons of mass destruction. These would also be used as security to continue the communist system of rule in North Korea.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. The quartet Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance.
Verena Preiner has won the World Cup in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup is the first World Cup in which women's athletics meet. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is held in Qatar. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is held in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is a sport where athletes compete in competitions. The World Cup is the most successful World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. In 6th place, 34 points behind bronze and with high hopes, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. Then she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost 3 meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan Belgrade, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said Luiz. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income. However, access to clean energy and sanitation is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study was done by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in Laxenburg near Vienna, which was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electrification rate of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country actually has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity from 20 to 80 percent of the population. However, it took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons of metal. It is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the costs of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus that was erected after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had already cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian metropolis of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he is just 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark houses. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel. "That's exactly the problem. The authorities are not concerned with the rehabilitation and reintegration of young people into society, but only with 'cleaning' the city - especially now in the run-up to the Olympic Games."
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no research study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account. For the new research, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For the Pannonian Food Bank, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. And then there is the “living room” where people talk about death and life. The Tafel opens its doors 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students made themselves. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is urgently needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum income standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523
A tropical cyclone has made landfall on India's east coast. The tropical cyclone "Fani" reached the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people were brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to 200,000 people.
Rosie was homeless when she was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. She wanted a job and her own four walls. Susanne Peter, the social worker at the crypt, helped her find a place to stay. She looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. "The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible," says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros per month to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit "her party". A few years ago, when she was even better on her feet, she cooked for the homeless. "The tomb helped me, and if they need help there now, I'll help. Of course," says Rosie.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said this one sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction," explained the Chancellor. The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the "need for a pan-European solution" had been pushed aside. At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue. This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders.
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete, according to the Ministry of Social Affairs.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87 years. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one singles title in mixed. He coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund ), first French economy minister, first head of the law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, she will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
It is not only wrong to blow your nose, but it can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp is head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine. Gerd Rasp says: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. Unlike when an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they can do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football football matches. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear the phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called “Charlottenburg” or “peasant handkerchief”. However, this type of blowing of the nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate.
Atletico Madrid won the third final in the Europa League. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday, December 5th. The Spaniards lost to Olympique Marseille in the semi-final against Arsenal in the Champions League. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup, after a 2-1 win in Madrid and a 0-0 draw in Marseille in 2008 in the Champions League. It was already the second European Cup final in Lyon for Atletico, in 1986.
German researchers have now found that dancing improves the brain area with age. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. The researchers found that both types of movement improve the brain area. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises under the name "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
In 2015 there were already 8,851 people in private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 5,351 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people in private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,844 people in private bankruptcy.
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain sets will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains makes barrier-free entry possible. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More trains will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM - Persons with Reduced Mobility) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba, Cuba's chief negotiator said. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba. By 2030 more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. He told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off every single block." When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon, he was only missing two kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as a hurricane. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The World Cup will be held in 2026 in Zurich, Switzerland. The World Cup will be the biggest event in the soccer world. The World Cup is the biggest event in the soccer world. The World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the world. The World Cup will be held in Zurich, Switzerland. The World Cup will last 32 days and take place in twelve stadiums. The World Cup is the most important event in the soccer world.
In Austria, the government wants to expand the duo of patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. The law, which is to be passed in the parliament on Friday, says that data from state-managed databases should be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad may request the data: anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for the costs - such as a doctoral student - has a legal right to it, says data protection officer Werner Reiter. Is that important? There are highly controversial opinions on this. Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable for long-term studies. The fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age was only determined by such data. Data protectionists, on the other hand, argue that information about the state of health of people can flow to the economy.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine immediately spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on various websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also among the standard ingredients. A new study shows that the vast majority of self-made sunscreens only provide sufficient protection against the sun's dangerous UV radiation. Inadequate protection The survey was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida.
For twenty years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the states repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
Austria's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz will be the Austrian President of the European Union. The Austrian President of the European Union will be the Austrian Prime Minister of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the European Union. The Austrian President of the EU will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the European Union. The Austrian President of the European Union will be the Austrian Prime Minister of the EU. The Austrian President of the EU will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Because the vitamin can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Vitamin D can be taken in the form of vitamin D3 drops. The amount and frequency should be discussed with a doctor depending on the severity of the deficiency.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. The route between the U4 will also be closed from July 2 to September 4. The route between the U4 and Hietzing will be closed from April 30 to July 1, and even between the U4 and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4. The route between the U4 and the tracks will be closed. There are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. According to Winter, the 14 vehicles would not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 passengers who travel daily on the affected U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as a "replacement service". Not least because of the risk of traffic jams at the western entrance and western exit, the company recommends using rail routes. The trams 49, 52 and 58 - they are run more often - run close to or partly parallel to the U4. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should generally allow ten to 20 minutes more travel time during the closure.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese team scored a spectacular goal against Hungary in France. Portugal scored 4 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary won the match with a long-range shot from 20 meters. Portugal scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Cristiano Ronaldo scored 2 goals in the first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 1 goal in their first match against Hungary. The Portuguese were absent from the starting XI, and Joao Mario replaced Ricardo Quaresma. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Portugal scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 3 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungarian B-Elf Hungary coach Bernd Storck refrained from using the regular players who had already been booked with yellow cards. Tamas Kadar, Laszlo Kleinheisler, Adam Nagy and Krisztian Nemeth, who have already been warned once, were therefore only on the bench. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Portugal scored 2 goals in their first match against Hungary. Hungary scored 1 goal in their first match against Hungary.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz has died of cancer in London at the age of 78. The Los Angeles-born producer is best known for his collaborations with George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films - also alongside Lucas. With "Star Wars" and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft. Kurtz leaves behind his wife and three children. He married 3 times in total.
It was foreseed that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks. It came as a bit of a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," said Julian Baumgartlinger. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. The Austrian team manager endured this swipe with a smile just as much as Adrian Steiger's words at the official reception on Sunday. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the Austrian team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now". The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the said rock fall. New experience For almost everyone in this Austrian team, it is a completely new experience and challenge to live under the roof of a hotel for a period of one month. Even if they are successful, they will have to peck at each other around the clock.
Unpunctual customer appointments, notorious criticism during team meetings, endless discussions on banal topics: Complicated colleagues can make everyday work difficult for them and their employees. "While communication with our team should actually provide a fruitful exchange and a variety of solutions, we often face certain hurdles in direct contact with complicated colleagues. In order to overcome this, it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. "Affected employees contribute to the know-it-all appearance by flattering the know-it-all or agreeing with them. However, the opposite behavior is not advisable, because contradiction and counter-action only drive the stubborn person to want to prove himself even more. Better: Detach yourself from the emotions, try to think rationally and frame the criticism in the form of questions. This creates a more pleasant working atmosphere and better results," says the expert. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. The pessimist is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, the chaotic people are often planned. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results. "When dealing with the chaos head, the following rules applies: hold back your own opinion and don't try to change your colleagues. Instead, praise the creative chaos for positive behavior. This motivates him and strengthens the willingness to communicate. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to four winners on three continents on Tuesday. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 decades. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food”, which improved the lives of 400 million people. The award, which is worth around 105,000 euros each, also goes to the Ethiopian Yetnebersh Nigussie for her commitment to people with disabilities in Africa and worldwide. Investigative journalist Khadija Ismayilova from Azerbaijan gets the award for her courageous exposure of corruption at the highest level of government, which also landed her in prison. The non-endowed honorary award goes to the American environmental lawyer Robert Bilott, who represented 70,000 people in the US state of West Virginia in a legal dispute whose drinking water had been chemically contaminated. With their courageous work, the award winners met some of the world's most pressing challenges.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines plane bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again thoroughly inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous mocking comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is venturing into the home of espresso and cappuccino. According to the entrepreneur Antonio Percassi, who is working on behalf of the US giant for Starbucks' entry into the Italian market, 300 stores are to be built in the next 6 years. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of Milan. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee stronghold of Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries.
ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a PR product for the police. "As with all productions, the final editorial responsibility for the series lies with ATV," the broadcaster said in a statement on Tuesday. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. They have been working with the police for 10 years and also maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units". The planned format, an in-house production, is "entirely based on real operations and ongoing investigations that are filmed live". Therefore, "even for legal reasons, an orderly and correct procedure with the police must be observed".
Kurt Wilhelm, the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on the Neubaugasse in Vienna, says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken against the double route of the bus line. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minute intervals." On the part of the business people, however, they don’t want to be an obstacle. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions."
In Germany, Alexandra Schrefler-König, judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court, becomes head of the cabinet of Hans Peter Doskozil. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The very appointment of the current head of cabinet, Karl Schmidseder, was a political signal from Doskozil. Back then it was about getting the generals back on board. A civilian worked in the cabinet of his predecessor, Gerald Klug, and the basis for discussion between the political leadership and the generals was damaged. The problem no longer exists. The communication between Doskozil and Chief of Staff Othmar Commenda is described as excellent. Schmidseder is now needed to implement the army reform.
On January 29th, Vox will start a new season of "Kitchen Impossible". This season will be called "Kitchen Impossible". In each episode, two chefs travel to two different places. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked. The next episode will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". On Sunday, January 8th, a top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases: These are the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers who complain to the Association for Consumer Information. Katrin Mittl-Jobst is the VKI employee. She deals with the complaints on the Internet site www. Verbraucher.at/Lebensmittel-Check. She explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers: Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly. Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: raspberry bars - made from banana When pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside, consumers get upset. A favorite is Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar, which according to the VKI consists of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, just doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are just as unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything but from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen – more often than consumers would like – behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria". Red-white-red signals can also be found on the can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the packaging and the price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been quietly and secretly increased.
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire in Syria. The ceasefire is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be respected by all parties. "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said that large parts of Syria are under the control of seven moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be combated as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left the country. She is united with her family. The newspaper quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook. Accordingly, Asia Bibi has moved with her husband to the country where her 2 daughters are already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Charged with blasphemy Asia Bibi was the first Catholic in Pakistan to be charged with blasphemy. She was sentenced to death in 2010. In 2014, a court in Lahore upheld the death sentence. In 2015, another court ordered the execution suspended. Another appeal process followed. Since then, nothing has legally stood in the way of Asia Bibi and her family leaving the country. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
In the German city of Munich, there are many people who are worried about what is going on in the city. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene quickly. The police are on the scene quickly. The police have asked the police to avoid the area around the shopping center. The police have said that at the moment we have a major police operation at the OEZ. Please avoid the area around the shopping center. Some Munich locals start using the Periscope app and live video from Facebook with direct video transmissions in real time about the OEZ. There are numerous photos of the crime scene that are uploaded. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their news. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police have asked the police to avoid the area around the shopping center. Some Munich locals start using the Periscope app and live video from Facebook. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their news. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be more than 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9.
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children who don't see such ads. The parents of the children were followed for a year. The children were between 3 and 5 years old. Every eight weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much advertising aimed at children the children had noticed in children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. Results: Children who had seen a lot of relevant advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as children without such advertising. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
A woman in Germany, who is dying, brought a horse to her bedside. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse, a spokesman for the clinic said on Thursday. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic's courtyard possible. A spokesman said: "There are no limits for us. A call doesn't cost anything. You can always ask questions and the person asked can always say 'no'." "Dana's" owner immediately agreed after the request. There was no question at all about doing it, she said.
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and, together with their 2 sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. Van der Bellen also mourns with his current wife Doris Schmidauer for their father Ernst Schmidauer, who died on Sunday. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the President's Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools. In the wild, they don't use any tools at all. In the wild, they use a wooden board, a piece of cardboard or a block of beeswax. In the wild, they use a wooden board, a wooden twig or a piece of cardboard. The birds quickly realized that there was not much to do with the wax, it just stuck to their beaks and let it go. However, all four of them were able to produce useful tools from the wooden board and get to the nut. Those who cut off all the leaves at once were faster than the lazy ones, who first tried it with half-leaf twigs and then had to correct them so that their chopsticks fit through the hole up to the nut. In addition to Figaro, two other cockatoos broke shavings from the larch board and got the reward out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts 16 days earlier than it did in the past ten years. This is because the temperature is rising more than in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
After being convicted of three counts of sexual assault, the famous comedian Bill Cosby has started his sentence in prison. The 81-year-old Bill Cosby is a famous comedian in the United States of America. He was convicted of sexual assault in the United States of America. He was sentenced to 3 years and 10 years in prison. He will also face a $25,000 fine and court costs. He declined the opportunity to comment on the verdict. He also did not respond to questions from reporters. His spokesman Andrew Wyatt said after the verdict that Cosby is fine and that God is watching over him. No trial in US history has been more racist and sexist than this one.
With the end of the summer holidays, the construction sites usually disappear from the streets. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the construction work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect the traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: "Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz." Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. You can't just pick a cycle path there. Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has struggled in many countries with the service being used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary of WhatsApp announced this on Monday in Jakarta, Indonesia. The five-recipient limit was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world.
Honey bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen of all kinds around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink the sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the queens. Honey bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals in Europe. They are much more colorful than yellow-brown stripes. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the bees and their close relatives are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Brodschneider. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended seven hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences. We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, it is struggling for air: colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. The veterinarian Katharina Reitl explains which symptoms bother the patient, when it becomes dangerous and what can help. Cat colds are caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other. As a result, the actual cause of the disease cannot be easily clarified. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not always reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the animal is healthy: it is possible that not enough mucous membrane was scraped off, the herpes may have just retreated and is waiting undetected for the next outbreak. Treatment "The therapy depends on the severity of the disease," says Katharina Reitl. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers will stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal.
In the future, if it is at least 35 degrees outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, the Fiaker horses will only be used every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training condition, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse will be allowed to work every other day.
On March 15, the Global Strike For Future (GfF) will be held in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, the Global Strike For Future network said on Monday. The Global Strike For Future (GfF) will be organized in almost 500 cities around the world in a week and a half. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network. It is possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North. In August 2018, Greta Thunberg began a demonstration in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to fight climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
Peter Matić died at the Burgtheater in Austria on 22 May. He was 82 years old. He was a celebrated actor, but only came to the stage in 1993. In the 25 years he has played no fewer than 85 roles. What was special about Peter Matić was that he could easily fill big games with personality. But he could also turn very small figures into precious gems. His last roles Great examples of this are the last roles he played at the Burgtheater. As a rabbi in the dramatization of Joseph Roth's "Job" (directed by Christian Stückl) he was a small, sad, smiling sage. As a district court counselor in "Glaube Liebe Hoffnung" (Director: Michael Thalheimer) he played an Austrian civil servant who is threatened with disappearance. As the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he came to the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper, in Reichenau and in Reichenau. He played numerous film roles. He was not only a celebrated actor, he was loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
Bobble hats on, but bare legs: In many cities around the world, thousands of people rode the subway without pants on Sunday, March 12. In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride". In London and New York there were several hundred people. Without trousers and without a political message The campaign was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who boarded with a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, some older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh." Bottomless since 2002 The event was launched in New York in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Despite the freezing temperatures, hundreds of people took part in New York again this time - and in Washington, many didn't let the heavy snowfall stop them from taking part. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. Sam opted for a suit - no pants. "According to the motto: Why is this guy wearing a tie and no trousers?" It's nice to see the "strange reactions of people".
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be a candidate for the next Vienna state elections. She will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019", she said. This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou announced that by the time she leaves, all major projects should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed. She summarized the successes of her tenure: from the redesign of the Mariahilferstraße to numerous other redesigned districts and streets to the 365-euro annual ticket for public transport to the citizens' solar power plants.
The elephants in the Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. "Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it," said Harald Schwammer, the zoological director of the Vienna Zoo. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, serves to care for their sensitive skin.
The Austrian national soccer team scored their second win in a row. They moved up to third place in the European Championship qualifiers. They are just one point behind second place held by Israel. The Austrian national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifiers.
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. This is celebrating its international debut with a match on June 22 against the women's team FC Mariahilf in Vienna. "We received the invitation from Vienna and we are really looking forward to this match. The Archbishop of Vienna, Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, assured us that FC Mariahilf is a serious team that is also heavily involved in charity. After the match, we want organize a second leg in the Vatican," says Danilo Zennaro. The team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport".
In the summer of 2017, the city council in Rome banned people from sitting on the famous Spanish Steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. Violators face up to 400 Euros. Other behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control. The 18th-century Spanish Steps, which lead to the church of Trinita dei Monti, are one of Rome's most famous tourist attractions. In 2016 they were renovated for 1.5 million euros. The outside staircase was not only affected by air pollution, but also by chewing gum, coffee and red wine stains. Other Italian cities are also trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists recently felt this: They had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." - "Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. The topic is not taken seriously," says gastroenterologist Michael Trauner. "In the past, this topic was underestimated - and sometimes even trivialized. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake, obesity and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis. In Austria, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of the company Gas Connect Austria, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday. The accident claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district.
The City of Vienna will build six new security bollards in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security bollards should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between the regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr. An eleven-hour ceasefire between Russia and Syria came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST).
A study by the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark found that almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. This is also confirmed by a study by the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark, in which 1,000 Austrian consumers were asked about Internet fraud. The study shows that the awareness of online fraud among Austria's consumers has increased. The experts say that the top types of fraud are subscription traps, fake payment requests and goods that have not been delivered but have already been paid for. This is followed by malware (viruses, Trojans, etc.) and blackmail with videos or images. The expert also confirms: “We see that subscription traps have increased significantly in the last year. They are well disguised as supposedly free offers and services and range from streaming services to holiday booking platforms and sweepstakes. Consumers who want to use these services subscribe without knowing it. As a result, they are confronted with high bills and letters from collection agencies or lawyers. Consumers who are unsure can get advice from the Internet Ombudsman.
The German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical skull openings have been seen for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the cause is trauma, fractures may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most patients are said to have survived the operation for a long period of time.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died at the age of 72 in Baden near Vienna, Austria. He was born in Vienna in 1944. He became famous with songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his socially critical songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he repeatedly took long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show"
Ready-to-eat, pre-cut salad from the plastic pack is popular because it saves time in the kitchen. The testers from the magazine " Verbraucher " lost their appetite for it: all 8 products in the test had problems with hygiene or storage. In addition to the high level of germs, the testers say that the products were wilting to squishy contents and a bad smell. The testers said that the products were bought from the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters, stored professionally until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germs were so high that they can only advise against consumption. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The guideline and warning values of the German Society for Hygiene and Microbiology were used for the test.
For the first time in 85 years, the French fashion brand Lacoste has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered. The crocodile is only emblazoned on a total of 30 polo shirts.
In the United States of America, there are 19 female judges who will be judges in the state of Texas in the future. 17 of them were newly elected at the recent midterm elections. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke lost to Republican Ted Cruz in Texas. "Black Girl Magic" The all-encompassing triumph of the new district judges, on the other hand, is part of the female triumph at the midterm elections - and is not least due to a broad social media campaign. In it, the women referred to themselves as "Houston 19" and campaigned for votes with the slogan "Black Girl Magic".
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro-stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner. The fountains are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. Heat and drought require these drastic steps. With a total length of 425,000 kilometers, the water supply network in Italy is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of the water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half of the water is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on nuclear weapons. The United Nations General Assembly voted on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. The United Nations General Assembly is the body of the United Nations. The United Nations General Assembly is the body of the United Nations.
No country in the world protects children's health, their environment and their future. This emerges from a report published by a commission of more than 40 child and youth health experts from around the world on Wednesday night. The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed foods, sugary drinks, alcohol and tobacco on children.
"I'm not staying at home at a time when Europe's old demons are rising again," said Johannes Voggenhuber (68) after List Now boss Maria Stern introduced him as her top candidate for the EU elections. Due to his long political experience, he was "simply the best" in the European Parliament. Voggenhuber said that he was running not least because the idea of European unity was in danger. They are undermined by the government, who are "exercising their egoism on the backs of Europe". Another new name Voggenhuber made it clear that this was not a conventional candidate. He is running independently, with the support of the list "Now". In order to underline this independence in the EU elections, Voggenhuber will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, a new name was found: "Initiative 1 Europe". He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the campaign. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens.
Hong Kong mourns the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday at the age of 38. She was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three. Veterinarians from the Departments of Agriculture, Fisheries, Conservation and Ocean Park decided to euthanize her for ethical reasons and to avoid further suffering for Jia Jia. "We knew this day was coming, but it's still sad for everyone at the park, especially the zoo keepers who have cared for them for years," said Ocean Park CEO Leo Kung. Birthday cake For her 37th birthday, Jia Jia enjoyed a colorful birthday cake made of water ice, decorated with fruit and bamboo shoots. At the time, she broke the record for the oldest captive panda. According to the environmental organization WWF, there are only 2,000 giant pandas left in the wild.
Norbert Schnedl is the new head of the civil servants' union. He is the new chairman of the civil servants' union. Schnedl is the head of the Christian Union. He is the head of the Christian Union. He is also the head of the Red Party. He is calling for a radical reduction in working hours for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. As is well known, the People's Party calls for more flexible working hours, which has nothing to do with a reduction. And the more closely one listens to the party, the more often one hears calls for longer working hours. So Schnedl gets excited. In the KURIER interview on Thursday, the new boss of the civil servants' union specified his ideas. Schnedl says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a normal 8-hour day would mean 28 hours per week.
The 27th New Year's Eve Festival in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center as well as one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival culminated at midnight with two fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will be held on the Danube Islands. The festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th. The festival will be held on the Danube Islands. There will also be a Falco tribute concert on the Danube Islands. Amy McDonald and Cro Cro will be performing there. The Falco tribute concert will take place there on Saturday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja will perform there on Saturday. Rainhard Fendrich will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole" and "Strada del Sole". The FM4 stage (regarded as the most beautiful and cosiest on the island) will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Mando Diao and Der Nino from Vienna will perform there on Saturday. Garish will perform there on Sunday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday. Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti will perform there on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer this year. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time. Incidentally, you can get all the information about the Danube Island Festival via the free Donauinsel app.
The ORF has revised its TV library. The TVthek is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. The new design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern: if you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites function. The search offers targeted suggestions. The live area has been revised.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Austria. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, the pretzel stick is topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Ankerbrot wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a broadcast on Tuesday by Ankerbrot boss Lydia Gepp. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on the Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers, not just vegans, increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. The branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are currently planned, the company said. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published.
More and more people are buying security doors for their own homes. In Austria, the number of burglaries in apartments and houses in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. The demand for security doors of the highest security class in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this is despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent last year. Apartment doors are usually only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as by the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Austrian Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that by becoming active and doing something for yourself, insecurity can be reduced. Kreissl says that people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course," says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, it would be the fourth announcement. But the fourth announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the state chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. It is a double burden that is too much for him, there were rumors in Berlin. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country has two government crises. Controversial It would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But as soon as he took office, he sparked a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany, without any constructive suggestions from it. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people directly at the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. However, Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. He let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, but the coalition partner SPD was also on edge.
The Association for Consumer Information examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from the supermarkets. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use oils in the traditional recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the list of ingredients. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant was born in Los Angeles, California. Kobe Bryant played basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. Kobe Bryant won 5 NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain. Kobe Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and 3 other daughters. There were no survivors on the helicopter. The helicopter crashed in the fog on Sunday morning and burst into flames, the Los Angeles Times had previously reported. In the evening it was confirmed: On board the helicopter was Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna. The fifth fatality was the pilot. The former LA Lakers player is considered one of the greatest basketball players in sports history. Kobe Bryant played as a shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team continuously since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP (Most Valuable Player) award for the NBA's most valuable regular-season player. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain.
Asfinag's section control systems have developed into the road maintenance company's cash cow. The route radar is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the Ost-Autobahn near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible.
The US Democrats elected civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez as their new leader on Saturday. The 55-year-old, who actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton in the presidential primary, defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders, who lost in the primary. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his inferior competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. 11 men and one woman will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President of the Federal Republic of Austria. Since there is currently no formal Christmas amnesty, since Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been entrusted to National Council President Doris Bures.
In Austria, about 75,700 nursing staff will be needed by 2030. There is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is therefore promoting 18 training centers for nursing and social professions. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria. Caritas President Michael Landau says that the first measures taken in the direction of a nursing staff shortage are offensive. At the same time, he calls for rapid support so people can switch more easily to nursing professions. Financial security during the retraining period would be a main requirement.
Prince William was there along with Princess Kate. You and the fans would have wished for another coronation of the tennis king. That he can curtsy in front of the royal box after the game. Instead, everyone bowed to Novak Djokovic. Because at Wimbledon he was crowned king. For the fifth time. And he gave the spoilsport for Federer's fans for the third time. Federer won 7: 6, 7: 6, 7: 6, 4: 6, 13:12. At 4:57 hours it was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of him.
The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a decree on Monday. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers against knife attacks. The police standby unit in Vienna can use tasers against knife attacks. The taser can help above all when, for example, knife attacks have to be warded off. In missions where such attacks are to be expected, the taser should also be available at the scene.
The German Toy Dealers Association is a group of German Toy Dealers who sell toys in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The group's website is www.vedes.com/rueckruf. There are around 3500 pieces of wooden rollercoasters in the wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own the product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out, it goes on to say, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
Even before the parliamentary vote on a general ban on glyphosate, the University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-containing plant protection products, according to the summary of the study results. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga leader announced on Thursday, Christoph Freund has signed a new contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was heard again and again in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the Harry Potter films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all charges against him. The US House of Representatives, with a majority of Democrats, had accused Trump of abuse of power and obstruction of investigations in the Congress. The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all charges against him. The President of the United States of America was acquitted of all charges against him. As expected, the House of Representatives, dominated by Trump's Republicans, did not achieve the two-thirds majority needed to condemn Trump for abuse of power or obstruction of congressional investigations. This ends the impeachment process. Trump already sees the acquittal at the highest level as a major victory at the beginning of the US election year. Trump is only the third president in the US history to face impeachment in the Senate. Under the US Constitution, at least 67 of the 100 senators in an impeachment trial must find the president guilty of at least one of the charges. Given the current majority in the Senate, at least 20 Republicans would have had to side with the Democrats to impeach Trump.
On January 25th, the FPÖ organized a "Akadelerball" in Vienna. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and neo-Nazism. In previous years, demonstrations against the event caused closures in the city center. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the right and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it is against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against fascism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized this event because it was against international right-wing extremism.
The world's largest coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, may be in more danger than previously thought. Current aerial photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. This is the 4th bleaching event to affect the Great Barrier Reef, after 1998, 2002 and 2016. Until now, there have always been several years between bleaching periods, in which the Great Barrier Reef was able to recover. Professor Terry Hughes warned that the only way to save the Great Barrier Reef is to fight climate change with determination.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for, there are already 80 in total this year and more than 200 will probably be there. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned in a broadcast on Monday. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early.
Born in two minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was quoted as saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos Islands, there are some giant tortoises. They are called Fernandina giant tortoises. The giant tortoises are believed to be extinct. Scientists have assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints as well as unconfirmed sightings led the IUCN to suspect that there might still be some giant tortoises on the islands. The giant tortoises are also called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that island. They are also called "Lonesome George" when it was discovered on Pinta Island in 1971. George died in 2012 at the age of 90.
The Austrian team players will not have time to glance at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but it was enough for the defending champions in the duel with Croatia in Bordeaux. The Croatians, on the other hand, knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams.
The Working Hours Act has been in place since September. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. After cases in Vienna, Tyrol and Salzburg, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor also reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer in writing from the outset. A new employee from Spittal an der Drau was asked to declare her “express and voluntary willingness” to work up to 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. Otherwise she probably wouldn't have gotten the job, which the AK describes as "unsurpassable cynicism". This is a voluntary act forced by fear of a job. "Tip of the iceberg" This is where the political dispute comes in, because government representatives have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the daily individual cases, the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified.
The government of the Netherlands has decided to introduce 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new limit is well received by the Dutch people. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined that 51 percent of the Dutch people rejected the new speed limit.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The starchy chestnuts, which are actually a special further breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and the winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients of chestnuts shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy food. What the chestnuts can do for you?
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to category ten, the world's top security level. For this purpose, six of the most modern fire-fighting vehicles will be purchased at Vienna Airport. The 6x6 and 8x8 extinguishers will be purchased from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding. "With the investment of 5 million euros, we ultimately save 4 million," explained Vienna Airport Board Member Julian Jäger. Rosenbauer is the best seller. With the performance of the tankers, it is possible to use fewer vehicles to supply the required quantities of extinguishing agents, which have to be ready at the fire site within 3 minutes. This means that the current number of 15 fire-fighting vehicles can be reduced to eight.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the class had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tells the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten these days. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. The problem with the caterpillars also exists in Germany. There, pesticides are already being applied over forests by helicopter. In some cases, the measure comes too late. In Dortmund, for example, an outdoor pool had to be closed because the trees in the neighboring park were infested with the oak processionary moth and the wind was spreading the hairs.
A strong earthquake on the Greek island of Kos has killed at least two people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster spoke of at least 120 injuries. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured. The dead were tourists, no information at this time. Rescue teams with 2 helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage in the city center of the city caused panic among the residents. At the time of the quake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. The center of the quake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. Bodrum is about ten kilometers from Kos. According to the European Seismological Center, around 1 million people live in the region where the earthquakes were felt. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of the parents will start next Saturday.
More and more suppliers are getting involved in the sparkling wine market. In 2015, the sparkling wine market in Austria shranked by 7.5 percent in terms of sales, but grew by 3.5 percent in terms of value. In terms of sales, Hochriegl is the strongest brand in Austria. Like Goldeck, Hochriegl belongs to the Schlumberger Group, which also sells champagne and Prosecco through its sales subsidiary. The second strongest brand is Henkell. The winery from Wiesbaden belongs to pizza giant Dr. Oetker and also produces the brands Kupferberg Gold, Fürst von Metternich or Söhnlein.
Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Mercedes has had Valtteri Bottas on the gas since the beginning of the year. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two teams every ten minutes. Bottas is more about the atmosphere than the car. He says that he is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that. Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability of his car. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the engineer of Mercedes.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 investigated the question. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. They then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The researchers concluded that the amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. Soaps do not promote the spread of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress.