"Journey around the World" is a musical based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, at the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. The musical is based on the opera and operetta novels of Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014. It was quickly decided that the musical should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature. "Journey around the World" is based on the opera and operetta novels of Jules Verne. The musical will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, at the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz.
The Upper Austrian baker will open the social bakery "Gragger & Chorherr" next week. In the bakery, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should then bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice at home," says Helmut Gragger. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. In the bakery, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should then bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice at home," says Helmut Gragger. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. How is Chorherr nine months after resigning his mandate in the Vienna City Council? "Being soon 59 being allowed to be a baker, allowed to be an entrepreneur, allowed to build something, to be allowed to create a place that has a bigger goal - namely education and training - is great joy." The former politician will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Gragger used to work for the food industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than two decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Serbia and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years." An employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the new bakery in the Nordbahnviertel: "When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone just wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without customers noticing that we're training. Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal: "What else is supposed to change the world apart from education? Next year we will be opening in cooperation with Caritas in Serbia and in Cooperation with a Roma association in Albania." Whether in Africa, in Eastern Europe or in Austria.
The President of the United States and the Austrian President Sebastian Kurz met with Donald Trump. The President of the United States and the Austrian President, Trevor Traina, said that the President of the United States and the Austrian President were very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. The President of the United States and the Austrian President, Trevor Traina, said that the President of the United States and the Austrian President were "exactly as one has always heard about him". He is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him. The President of the United States and the Austrian President, Trevor Traina, described his impression of the tough but open negotiations in the White House that Donald Trump had made his frustration in dealing with the EU clear. The President of the United States and the Austrian President, Trevor Traina, said that the President of the United States and the Austrian President had "expressed his wishes for Europe" to the Chancellor, and hoped "that Kurz could organize an answer". Because the negotiations are currently mainly about threats, the President of the United States is considering punitive tariffs on European cars. A measure that will cost thousands of jobs in Austria almost every second. The President of the United States and the Austrian President, Trevor Traina, said that the President had "expressed his wishes for Europe" to the Chancellor, and hoped that Kurz could organize an answer.
In Austria, it is very rare to catch eyeworms in cats and dogs. In recent years, infections with eyeworms have increased in both humans and dogs. The eyeworm is called a callipaeda. The eyeworm is a foreign body worm that reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the eyeworm. If left untreated, the eyeworm is damaged and the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm "Eyeworm is much rarer than skinworm or heartworm," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo. The skinworms, which can be up to 15 cm long, live in the blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. They can live up to 7 years and release larvae into the blood again and again. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The therapy can be carried out with medication or by a surgical intervention. The patient can hardly be saved. Protective measures "Pets that are allowed outside should be dewormed regularly," says Katharina Reitl. In addition, the veterinarian from the KURIER animal coach advises: "There is no vaccination against worms, but there are effective repellents that keep mosquitoes away." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles and other animals? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Austria since midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS and narrow down the scene of the accident. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a crevice about 30 meters deep. The helpers should have already pulled the man out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red traffic light shows him standing at the microphone, the green traffic light shows his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer. If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop. If they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the traffic light. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber was the new party chairman of the Carinthian ÖVP on Wednesday evening. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She resides in the German town of Pinneberg. She has Down syndrome. The latter is the reason why a so-called severely handicapped ID card was issued in her name. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Hannah's father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID card only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of wealthy industrialists. He worked, among other things, as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least 5 years after his disappearance, and there are traces of his life up to the end of July 1947," said Pia Gustafsson of the Swedish Revenue Agency. However, it is known from secure sources that Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947.
The World Health Organization (Who) has published a report on the differences between men and women in terms of health and life expectancy. The report states that men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. Men are also more likely to die from coronary heart disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD). These are the leading causes of death for men. Of the 40 leading causes of death, 33 have a greater impact on male life expectancy. The largest differences are in coronary heart disease (costs men 0.84 years more than women), traffic accidents (costs men 0.47 years more than women), lung cancer (costs men 0.4 years more than women) and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD) (cost men 0.36 years more than women). The differences are smallest where women do not have access to health services. The reason is maternal mortality: In over 90 percent of low-income countries, fewer than 4 medical nurses, such as midwives, are responsible for childbirth for 1,000 women.
Gucci, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein, Gucci, Versace, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein, Gucci, Versace, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Versace, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. "Especially this big attack makes it clear that product piracy should not be downplayed as a trivial offense," emphasizes Gerhard Marosi from the Federal Ministry of Finance. Danger to health According to experience, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products in the run-up to Christmas. Experts emphasize that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies. Allergies.
Last week, the panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure for the first time. Now many visitors want to experience the young animals in person – and have to queue to do so. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was three-year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz Martin. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," says Flora. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. Premiere The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," says her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market" (Campus Verlag). Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities. Because many people over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is a shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann : On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not very resilient or often ill, inflexible and not willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. And the other prejudices? Counter them proactively. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume.
The Red Cross First Responder Andreas Gruber has been working for the Red Cross in Güssing since 2004. He has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. When he's at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for him: if fellow citizens are in need, he drop everything and drive off. Around 2,500 times a year, the Red Cross First Responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. The language café was set up 3 years ago. The association does not want to make any money with the café. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to consume the cakes. The cakes are affordable at one euro each. Elisabeth Smejkal is one of the honorary moderators who are very popular at the German tables. She works full-time as a designer. But she keeps Wednesday evening free, which is a welcome compensation for her. She explains her commitment as follows: "I like to sit in a group, I like to talk and I like to listen." You always learn something new, says Smejkal. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The panda twins are a boy and a girl. The panda twins are a boy and a girl. The panda twins are also a boy and a girl. The panda twins have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. The panda twins can no longer be warmed by their mother around the clock. They can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat.
On August 9, the 38-year-old driver from the Amstetten district let a ten-year-old drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height. The father of the driver filed a complaint. The incident happened on March 25, the 41-year-old from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of the Austrianation of Austria voted for a new social security system. The National Council voted for the new social security system. The National Council is the only body in Austria that country. The National Council is the only body that has the power in the country. The National Council. The National Council is the body of the Austria. The Austria. The National Council.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle, a weight bench or a weight machine, the body reacts to heavy exercises by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the washing machine after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian.
The government of Austria passed many laws in the National Council of Ministers on Wednesday. Some of these laws are highly controversial. The most controversial is the "Location Development Act", which is intended to enable faster procedures as soon as a project has been classified by an advisory board as "location-relevant" and "in the public interest". If it is decided within a maximum of 6 months that a project is not relevant to the location, then after a further 6 months the EIA must be clear as to whether the project can be approved. This means that after twelve months it is clear whether a project can be approved in principle and after 18 months there must be approval or rejection. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. However, environmental organizations are also critical of the law. Global 2000 believes that ending the EIA in the first instance by setting a deadline is not a solution to fundamental legal problems. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and large projects are pushed through.
There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes. The refugee contact officers are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes. The refugee contact officers are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes. The refugee contact officers are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes.
In a Brazilian study, 60 people were treated for migraines. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with migraine attacks are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients then filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, after 2 hours and after 1 and a half and 2 hours. In addition, the intensity of the pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment than those who only got through their migraine attacks with the placebo.
On September 22, the Viennese guides will invite you to a free tour of the monuments in Vienna. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. There are 270 listed buildings in Austria. All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at Secret Vienna "The Secrets of the Fiacre", "The Weana G'miat" or "The Haunted Habsburgs" are the names of the tours offered by the Viennese guides at Secret Vienna. There are classic and spooky tours to choose from in multiple languages. Info: www.secretvienna.at Vienna Guide The mottos of some tours have it all: “High in Vienna. From magic and witch drugs to hemp, a cultural history of Viennese intoxication”. But there is also a more classic way, for example with the third man tour. Info: www.wienguide.at Vienna Guide The mottos of some tours have it all: "High in Vienna. From magic and witch drugs to hemp, a cultural history of Viennese intoxication". But there is also a more classic way, for example with the third man tour. Info: www.wienzufuss.at
The judiciary will also be ordered to cut staff with the 2018/19 budget. There is massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this - first - protest will convince the government to give in. If, despite the broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also experienced the consequences of sexist postings at a late hour. On Shrove Tuesday at 06.00 a.m. Strache put a photo with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit. Strache apologized to the ORF employees via an advertisement, which the ORF moderator donated.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, Burgenland, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Güttenbach is orphaned. The employees in Neuberg had vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. "So we only have one week without care and there are no additional costs for the parents or the communities," says Radakovits. Free kindergarten "We are very close to our goal of creating the framework for comprehensive improvements in childcare," says SP Education Minister Daniela Winkler. As announced, the free kindergarten will come this year in all communities. The new law should also aim to improve the opening hours in the kindergartens and to create the conditions for nationwide holiday care. According to Winkler, one wants to the needs of the individual communities. The state's family department promotes the care of children aged 3 to 14 during the summer months. Municipalities.
Women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If physically fit women developed dementia, it was on average 11 years later than women with only moderate fitness.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the colossus will probably detach from the Larsen C ice shelf in the polar sea. It is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice there for a long time. In December, the gap was extended by 18 kilometers. Now the colossus is only held by a connection point about 20 kilometers long. According to the researchers, the breaking off should not have any short-term consequences. However, they fear that the ice shelf will continue to calve and possibly become unstable in the long term.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious stalls. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
In 2017, the New Yorker will be able to drink wine with fruit and fruit. The New Yorker will be able to drink wine with fruit and fruit. The New Yorker is already talking about the new Kombucha. The Kombucha is a soft drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and lemon juice. It is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many soft drinks. And with a dash of gin, the vinegar drink really has summer drink potential. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol – this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate". And how about the trends in your favorite summer activity, the barbecue? Swineapple is now enjoyed there. Behind it is pork, which is stuffed into hollowed-out pineapple, which in turn is wrapped in bacon.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least three deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
Shiitake mushrooms are very popular in Europe. Shiitake mushrooms have good protein content, but very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms also contain 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair.
The "Expat City Ranking" is a survey of more than 18,000 people who work and live abroad. It is based on this year's "Expat Insider Study" by the Munich company. The results showed that people in Vienna are the least friendly in the world. The most friendly cities are Riyadh, Stockholm and Stuttgart. The most unfriendly cities in the world are Taipei, Singapore and Manama. At the other end of the scale, Riyadh ranks last, followed by Jeddah and Rome. The ranking is based on this year's "Expat Insider Study" by the Munich company.
Some make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and some marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia? Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is also spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on that day in another part of the world, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is also spreading these days. Chicken is the order of the day in the sushi paradise. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain “Kentucky Fried Chicken” has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, eight times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as important as the gifts for the children.
The new teacher training courses at teacher training colleges (PH) and universities will start on October 1st. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities. In the new system, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, four associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose. The South-East Association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
Sabrina Limbeck has had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She worked as a crisis care mother, so she always have to say goodbye to foster children. Together with her colleague Beatrix Roidinger, the life and social counselor has now founded Vienna's first separation clinic. The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic". The separation clinic is for people who have been abandoned by their partner. The separation clinic is called "Lovesickness Clinic".
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the Indian space agency. A week ago, the start had been canceled. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the spacecraft. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 men could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. In 2015, there were around 400 organizations that were newly recognized. In 2017, around 400 organizations were newly recognized, while 130 organizations were dropped out of the list. There are also new requirements for civil servants: the supervisors in the facilities must complete an e-learning course about the alternative military service with a final examination. To ensure that the knowledge acquired is not forgotten, the course must be attended again every 3 years. Anyone who fails is no longer allowed to act as a superior. Basic knowledge in history Something has also been planned for the civil servants to learn. Citizens are obliged to complete an e-learning course on the history of Austria and the basic principles of the EU law. If the final test is passed positively, this should be included in the so-called competence balance sheet, which is handed out to every civil servant at the end of his service. Of course, whoever skips the module, does not have to fear any legal consequences. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for 18 days often results in chain sick leave. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
Most Austrian district authorities and magistrates have no special entry barriers. The exception is Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading technically since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities: from September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, sees himself confirmed. "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example. The state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country house. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, ÖVP. "That has changed fundamentally." "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Hofrat Gerhard Tretzmüller. There are also alarm switches linked to the police, and pepper spray has also been issued. An evaluation of the security measures should be available in the spring. "Dornbirn can then play a role there." In general, the call for more security is getting louder: Alexander Majcan, head of the district authority in Southeast Styria and spokesman for the district authority association, considers locks to be a suitable measure.
It was the longest and most eventful football match in the history of the ÖFB. Austria won the world championship against Germany 2:1. Austria played with Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Franco Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in central midfield and Alaba on the left. Germany controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this game, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities, but Austria failed twice. Only gradually did Austria improve and direct the actions more deeply. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). A dream goal. Two minutes later, Alaba initiated the next big chance with a dream pass to Arnautovic, but Neuer parried with a great reflex. Germany's national coach Joachim Löw fiddled around in the coaching area with dissatisfaction. Austria took more risk, finally created pressure and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and three minutes later Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Lainer, who put it back to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1 (69th). By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria took the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, said Gerrit Bradnick, the operations manager of the private rescue service.
There are many organizations in Austria that collect donations for children. For example, SOS Children's Villages or Plan collect donations for children, from whom the family also receives a letter. Christmas in a shoebox With this campaign, you pack up presents the size of a shoebox and give them to a family. Reverse Advent Calendar Instead of getting something every day in December, you give something away every day. It doesn't have to be organized, you can just make a homeless person happy. Social service Helping out with the poorest is eye-opening, no wonder there are many volunteers at Christmas. The City of Vienna has launched its own initiative "Voluntary in Vienna" with a large overview. Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with.
In the 8th century, the Vikings settled in Birka, Sweden. The Vikings were the largest Viking settlement in the world. The Vikings were known as warriors. The Vikings were also known as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed. The gene sequencing was preceded by osteological investigations, since female characteristics had been discovered on the skeleton. In the 8th century, the settlement of Birka was considered an important trading center inhabited by up to 1000 people.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the new ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF directors will be the new head of the ORF. The new head of the ORF is Werner Herics. He will replace Karlheinz Papst, who was at the helm for 18 years. The previous editor-in-chief, Walter Schneeberger, should remain in his position. However, with the proviso that he proves his "ability to work in a team", i.e. recognizes Herics' leadership role. That could be an emotionally Herculean task, because 56-year-old Walter Schneeberger from northern Burgenland and 51-year-old Werner Herics from southern Burgenland, who was most recently entrusted with organizing the renovation of the ORF headquarters in Vienna, were already in a competitive relationship when Schneeberger became editor-in-chief. In addition, Schneeberger had recently applied for the position of state director. Just like Pope, program director Gaby Schwarz and ex-program director Doris Fennes-Wagner.
North Korea is a communist country in South Korea. It is a nuclear-powered country in South Korea. North Korea has been trying to denuclearize its nuclear and ballistic missiles. North Korea has also dismantled its nuclear and ballistic missiles. North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War (1950-53) in the summer. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months." There is still work to be done, but his relationship with Kim is good. Secret services see it differently The US secret services recently made it clear that there is currently no evidence that North Korea is willing to completely disarm its nuclear and ballistic missiles. These would also be used as political security to continue the communist system of rule in North Korea.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view: Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here. During the night (after our time) Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. David Wise won with 97.20 points ahead of Alex Ferreira.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance.
Verena Preiner is the first Austrian woman to win a bronze medal at the World Cup in Doha, Qatar. It was the first World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. She finished in 6th place, 34 points behind the bronze medal from Lukas Weißhaidinger.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," Luiz said. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by the year 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income. However, access to clean energy and clean energy improves not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electrification rate of 80 percent of the population was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity from 20 to 80 percent of the population. However, it took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons of metal. It is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the costs of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus that was erected after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had already cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now they have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark house entrances. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you," says Gabriel.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no experimental study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account. For the new study, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank distributes food to people who don't have enough money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland is the largest private food bank in Austria. The Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The Pannonian Food Bank is also the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland is the largest private food bank in Austria. The Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are mentally or physically ill. The Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. The Pannonic Table opens its doors 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas you can find many delicacies, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel itself is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students made themselves. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport food. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523; www.pannonischetafel.com
Tropical cyclone "Fani" has made landfall on India's east coast. With wind speeds of up to 195 kilometers per hour, the tropical cyclone "Fani" has made landfall on India's east coast. More than a million people have already been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. However, several people have already been evacuated.
Rosie was already in the crypt when there was only lard and tea. That was in 1986, when the homeless facility of Caritas Vienna was founded. The crypt was only open for 2 hours in the evening. For twelve years Rosie was homeless. She slept in tents, in demolished houses and in toilets. It started when Rosie was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice, she says. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. Susanne Peter, the social worker at the crypt, helped her find a place to stay. Rosie looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", she would not have said it. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction". The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending".
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87 years. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one singles title in mixed. He coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
Christine Lagarde is the first woman to head the European Central Bank. She will be the first female president of the European Central Bank. She will be the first woman to head the European Central Bank. She will be the first woman to head the European Central Bank.
The Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine is an association of doctors in Austria. They are the leading experts in the field of ENT diseases. They are the head of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine. Gerd Rasp is the head of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine. He says: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid." When an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish. The secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. This is how it works when we are healthy. Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football matches. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. And what shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube, which can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
Atletico Madrid won the third final in the Europa League. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday, December 5th. The Spaniards lost to Olympique Marseille in the semi-final against Arsenal in the Champions League. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup, after a 2-1 win in Madrid and a 0-0 draw in Marseille in 2008 in the Champions League. It was already the second European Cup final in Lyon for Atletico, in 1986.
German researchers have now found that dancing improves the brain area with age. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. The researchers found that both types of movement improve the brain area. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises under the name "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
In 2015 there were 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8, 438 people going into private bankruptcy. More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8, 438 people going into private bankruptcy.
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum - or possibly for several.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain trains will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer of 2022. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance traffic at ÖBB makes barrier-free entry possible. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More trains will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged on the night train. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers, such as a table and reading lamp.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba, Cuba's chief negotiator Josefina Vidal said. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for Cuba. Last year, more than 4 million tourists visited Cuba last year. By 2030 more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The northwestern tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The northwestern tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the area. But many did not comply. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. Florida Gov. Rick Scott said he was disappointed. Missy Theiss lives five miles offshore from Panama City Beach. The 54-year-old decided to stay at home with her husband, daughter and two dogs. She found shelter in the hallway of her house, away from windows and doors. Experts were amazed at how quickly the hurricane had gained strength as it made its way across the Gulf of Mexico. Experts were amazed at how quickly the hurricane had gained strength as it made its way across the Gulf of Mexico. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear on Thursday. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be the World Cup in 2026. The World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The World Cup will take place in 2026 in Zurich, Switzerland. The World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The World Cup will be held in twelve stadiums. The World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of soccer. The World Cup will take place in 2026.
The government wants to expand the duo of patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. With the new law, which is to be passed in parliament on Friday, data from state-managed databases may be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, the AMS, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record, or ELGA, which contains findings, medication and operations. From 2019, people from Austria and abroad will have the right to request the data. Anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for the research costs - such as a doctoral student - has a legal right to it, says data protection officer Werner Reiter. Is that important? There are highly controversial opinions on this. Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable for long-term studies. The fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age, is only determined by the data.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine immediately spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient is coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also among the standard ingredients. A new study now shows that the vast majority of self-made sunscreens only provide sufficient protection against the sun's dangerous UV radiation. Inadequate protection The study was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health in the University of North Florida.
For twenty years Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the countries repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
Austria's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz will be the Austrian President of the European Union. The Austrian President of the European Union will be the Austrian Prime Minister of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the European Union. The Austrian President of the EU will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the European Union. The Austrian President of the European Union will be the Austrian Prime Minister of the EU. The Austrian President of the EU will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian President of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Prime Minister will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases: the level drops in almost every second person. Because the vitamin can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About two servings of oily fish or at least four eggs would need to be eaten per day. Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Vitamin D can be taken as vitamin D3 in the form of drops. The amount and frequency should be discussed with a doctor depending on the severity of the deficiency.
The U4 will be closed from April 30th to July 1st. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Vienna. It is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 will be closed from April 30th to July 1st, and even between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Vienna. The U4 will be closed from April 30th to July 1st. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 will be closed from April 30th to July 1st. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest-running train line in Austria. The U4 is the longest train line in Austria.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese team scored 3 goals in a match against Hungary. Cristiano Ronaldo scored 4 goals in the match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary were: Zoltan Gera, Cristiano Ronaldo, Andre Gomes and Nani. The goalkeepers of Hungary were: Tamas Kadar, Laszlo Kleinheisler, Adam Nagy and Krisztian Nemeth. The players who have already been warned once, were therefore only on the bench. The Portuguese were absent from the starting XI, but Joao Mario replaced Ricardo Quaresma. Despite the many changes, Hungary took the lead after a corner with a long-range shot from 20 meters. Akos Elek even had the goal on his foot, but he failed from close range by Portugal goalkeeper Rui Patricio. At the other end, Ronaldo tested goalie Gabor Kiraly with a free kick from a good 35 yards out. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. The goalkeepers of Hungary scored 4 goals in a match against Hungary. Hungarian B-Elf Hungary coach Bernd Storck refrained from using the regular players who had been booked with yellow cards due to the fact that they had already reached the round of 16 of the European Football Championship.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz has died of cancer in London at the age of 78. The Los Angeles-born producer is best known for his collaborations with George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films - also alongside Lucas. With "Star Wars" and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft. Kurtz leaves behind his wife and three children. He married 3 times in total.
It was foreseed that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks. It came as a bit of a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," said Julian Baumgartlinger. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. The Austrian team manager endured this swipe with a smile just as much as Adrian Steiger's words at the official reception on Sunday. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the Austrian team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now". The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the said rock fall. New experience For almost everyone in this Austrian team, it is a completely new experience and challenge to live under the roof of a hotel for a period of one month. Even if they are successful, they will have to peck at each other around the clock.
The writer of this book is Jürgen Rixgens. He is the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors". In this book, he explains how to deal with complicated colleagues. For example, the writer is the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors". The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. The writer is also the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors". The writer is also the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors".
This year, the Nobel Prize for Peace, Human Rights and Environmental Protection was given to 4 winners on 3 continents. The Nobel Prize was awarded to 4 winners on 3 continents: India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. The Nobel Prize for Peace, Human Rights and Environmental Protection is awarded to 4 winners on 3 continents: India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA. The Nobel Prize for Peace, Human Rights and Environmental Protection is awarded to 4 winners on 3 continents: Ethiopia, Ethiopia and Azerbaijan. The Nobel Prize for Peace, Human Rights and Environmental Protection is awarded to 4 winners on 3 continents: India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA. The Nobel Prize for Peace, Human Rights and Environmental Protection is awarded to 4 winners on 3 continents. The Nobel Prize for Peace, Human Rights and Environmental Protection is awarded to 4 winners on 3 continents.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines flight bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is venturing into the home of espresso and cappuccino. According to the entrepreneur Antonio Percassi, who is working on behalf of the US giant for Starbucks' entry into the Italian market, 300 new Starbucks stores will be built in the next 6 years. The opening of the first Italian store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities.
ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a PR product for the police. "As with all productions, the final editorial responsibility for the series lies with ATV," the broadcaster said in a statement on Tuesday. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. They have been working with the police for 10 years and also maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units". The planned format, an in-house production, is "entirely based on real operations and ongoing investigations that are filmed live". Therefore, "even for legal reasons, an orderly and correct procedure with the police must be observed".
Kurt Wilhelm, the owner of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on Neubaugasse, says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken out against it. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. Wilhelm says, "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at three to four-minute intervals."
In Germany, Alexandra Schrefler-König, judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court, becomes head of the cabinet of Hans Peter Doskozil. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The very appointment of the current head of cabinet, Karl Schmidseder, was a political signal from Doskozil. Back then it was about getting the generals back on board. A civilian worked in the cabinet of his predecessor, Gerald Klug, and the basis for discussion between the political leadership and the generals was damaged. The problem no longer exists. The communication between Doskozil and Chief of Staff Othmar Commenda is described as excellent. Schmidseder is now needed to implement the army reform.
Vox is treating "Kitchen Impossible" to a second season with seven new episodes. The show will start on January 29 at 8:15 p.m. The show will be called "Kitchen Impossible". In each episode, a local chef will serve you his favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked. The show will also be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". On Sunday, January 8th, a top chef invites 3 others to his home and cooks for them. The show will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". The show will be called "Kitchen Impossible". The show will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". The show will be called "Kitchen Impossible". The show will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". The show will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". On Sunday, January 8th, a top chef invites 3 others to his home and cooks for them. The show will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". The show will be called "Kitchen Impossible".
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases: These are the biggest annoyances for consumers who turn to the Internet. Katrin Mittl-Jobst from the VKI is one of the people who deals with the complaints on the Internet. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains the five biggest annoyances for consumers: Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers complain about oversized packaging that promises more than what is actually inside. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, they are also anything but environmentally friendly." Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: The raspberry bars - made from bananas The pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside. A favorite in this area: Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar, which according to the VKI consists of banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as a tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything but from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen – more often than consumers would like – behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the packaging and price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been quietly and secretly reduced.
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire in Syria. The ceasefire is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be respected by all parties. "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said that large parts of Syria are under the control of seven moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be combated as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. She is united with her family. Her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook, said that Asia Bibi could not leave the country on a regular flight. Asia Bibi was the first Catholic in Pakistan to be charged with blasphemy in 2009. She was sentenced to death in 2010. In 2014, a court in Lahore upheld the death sentence. In 2015, another court ordered the execution suspended. Another appeal process followed. Islamist Pakistan's Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a petition to review the acquittal. Church representatives, human rights activists, aid organizations and politicians welcomed this. Since then, nothing has legally stood in the way of Asia Bibi leaving the country. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The police in Munich are on the move. The first reports of shootings in the Olympia shopping center in Munich arrived on social media. The police are on the move quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the move, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. The police are on the move quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the move, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media such as Twitter and Facebook. The police are on the move quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9.
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children who don't see such ads. The parents of the children were followed for a year. The children were between 3 and 5 years old. Every eight weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much advertising aimed at children the children had noticed in children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. Results: Children who had seen a lot of relevant advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as children without such advertising. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
The Fürth Clinic in Germany has a "Dana" horse. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The woman asked the team from the "Dana" team to meet the "Dana" in the clinic courtyard. The team from the "Dana" team did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible. The "Dana" horse was able to stroke her "Dana" one last time. The "Dana" owner immediately agreed after the request. There was no question at all about doing it. The "Dana's" owner immediately agreed with the request. The "Dana" horse was able to stroke her "Dana" one last time.
Alexander Van der Bellen has died after a long, serious illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and their sons Nicolai and Florian. Van der Bellen accompanied them to their last hours, according to the President's Office. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. Van der Bellen has recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein. Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to a request from the Presidential Office.
In the wild, the Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools in different ways. In experiments, these birds show very flexible and spontaneous use of tools, they explain in the specialist magazine "Biology Letters". In the wild, the Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all, explained Alice Auersperg from the Messerli Research Institute at the University of Vienna. This makes this Indonesian parrot species ideal objects of study, because the use of a tool is not an individual behavior, but an invention of the bird. Auersperg and her colleagues have previously observed one of their cockatoos, named Figaro, prying a splinter out of a larch board to push food strewn outside the cage within reach. Now they tested the manual and intellectual abilities of Figaro and three other cockatoos with regard to tools in more detail. How the bird gets to the nut They placed bits of cashew on a base in a transparent box. This box had a hole about an inch in diameter through which the birds could use a chopstick to knock the nut off the base, causing the treat to tumble out of the box.
Spring starts earlier than it did 10 years ago in the northern hemisphere, especially in the polar regions. In the Arctic, spring starts earlier and earlier than it did than it did ten years ago. The researchers reported in the journal Scientific Reports. The researchers. The trigger for the changes is probably the temperature, the temperature, which is rising more than the temperature in the far north. The researchers. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds come to breed.
After being convicted of three counts of sexual assault, the famous comedian Bill Cosby has started his sentence. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison. The prisons in the state of Pennsylvania are the same as the state where he was convicted. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby was convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby is convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby is convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby was convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby is convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby is convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby is convicted of sexual assault. The prisons in Pennsylvania are the same as the state where Bill Cosby was convicted of sexual assault.
With the end of the summer holidays, the construction sites usually disappear from the streets. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the construction work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect the traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: "Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz." Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. You can't just pick a cycle path there. Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has struggled in many countries with the service being used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary of WhatsApp has announced this on Monday in Jakarta. The five-recipient limit scheme was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world.
Honey bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen from six kilometers around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink the sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the honey bees. The honey bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals in Europe, says Dominique Zimmermann from the University of Graz. She knows that the world of hymenoptera is much more colorful than yellow-brown stripes. There are almost 700 wild bee species in Austria, including the blue carpenter bee and the pale yellow bumblebee and the gray sand bee. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the honey bees and their relatives are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Robert Brodschneider. Like all life forms, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann. The parasitic species are particularly endangered nationwide: Wild bees that only give their cuckoo eggs to one host species are naturally more at risk of extinction than bees that collect them.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration, the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question in a study.
Cats can be affected by colds. Cats can be affected by various viruses or bacteria. The viruses and bacteria are mutually compatible. As a result, the cause of the disease cannot be easily determined. The experience of the veterinarian is required. The veterinarian can confirm his suspicions. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the animal is healthy. It is possible that not enough mucous membrane was scraped off, the virus may have just retreated and is waiting undetected for the next outbreak. Treatment "The therapy depends primarily on the severity," explains the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind. In the worst case, the nose breathers stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal. The veterinarian says: "A tailor-made treatment is also important when it comes to preventive care. The vet decides what makes the most sense." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles, etc.? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
In the future, if it is at least 35 degrees outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, if it is more than 35 degrees outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will only be out of the heat. The new rules will only apply to Fiaker horses that are registered with the veterinary office. Only Fiaker horses will be allowed to work every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces. This makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only draft horses that, due to their character and their training, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse. And finally, the city wants to pay more attention to animal welfare-related issues such as the effects of wearing a muzzle, tying the tail or regular feeding. The focus is on increased reconnaissance and controls. The amendment to the Fiaker and Horse Rental Car Act should pass the committee in June and then be decided in the state parliament.
On March 15, the world will have a school strike. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, the Global Strike For Future network said on Monday. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network. The climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North. In August 2018, Greta Thunberg began demonstrating in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to combat climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
Peter Matić died at the Burgtheater in Austria on 22 May. He was 82 years old. He was a celebrated actor, but only came to the stage in 1993. In the 25 years he has played no fewer than 85 roles. What was special about Peter Matić was that he could easily fill big games with personality. But he could also turn very small figures into precious gems. His last roles Great examples of this are the last roles he played at the Burgtheater. As a rabbi in the dramatization of Joseph Roth's "Job" (directed by Christian Stückl) he was a small, sad, smiling sage. As a district court counselor in "Glaube Liebe Hoffnung" (Director: Michael Thalheimer) he played an Austrian civil servant who is threatened with disappearance. As the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he came to the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper, in Reichenau and in Reichenau. He played numerous film roles. He was not only a celebrated actor, he was loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
In London and New York, many people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". In London and New York there were several hundred. Without trousers and without a political message The campaign was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who was with a valid ticket and rode the subway without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, some older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh."
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be the Greens' top candidate in the next Vienna state elections. She will be available in the state government until the financial statement 2019. This should mean the conclusion for the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou said that by the time she leaves, all major projects should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed.
The elephants at the Vienna Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest. The elephants are very fond of splashing around in the pool. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, it serves to care for their sensitive skin. The elephants even eat while they are bathing. The elephants even eat apples while they are bathing.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. The team won their second win in a row, and moved up to third place in the group. It is just one point behind second place held by Israel. The coach of the team, Franco Foda, said that the team has shown that they can withstand the pressure. The team has shown that they can withstand the pressure. There were only two flaws in the team's game in Skopje. Martin Hinteregger's own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner and Heinz Lindner's lack of efficiency. "If you have to or can criticize something, it's the evaluation of chances. We should have scored one or two more goals, but we're satisfied," said Foda. "We played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, we didn't pay attention to the goal, but we came back anyway." Even when the score was 0:1, the team boss said he had no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we also created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well." Foda did not want to confirm the fact that the team played the best game in many months. "We were very focused for 90 minutes, but we've combined well in other international matches as well."
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly.
The Vatican is celebrating its 20th anniversary with a soccer match on June 22nd against the women's team FC Mariahilf in Vienna. "We received the invitation from Vienna and we are really looking forward to this match. The Archbishop of Vienna, Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, assured us that FC Mariahilf is a serious team that is heavily involved in charity. After the friendly match, we want organize a second leg in the Vatican," says Zennaro. FC Mariahilf celebrates its 20th anniversary on June 22nd.
In the summer of 2017, the city council in Rome banned people from sitting on the famous Spanish Steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. Violators face up to 400 Euros. Other behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control. The 18th-century Spanish Steps, which lead to the church of Trinita dei Monti, are one of Rome's most famous tourist attractions. In 2016 they were renovated for 1.5 million euros. The outside staircase was not only affected by air pollution, but also by chewing gum, coffee and red wine stains. Other Italian cities are also trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists recently felt this: They had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
In the past, fatty liver was underestimated. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver. It can only be stopped, but not reversed. Coffee consumption has protective effects on the liver, says the gastroenterologist Michael Trauner. At the end of 2015, a European long-term nutrition study showed that people who drink coffee more than four times a day have a 75 percent reduced risk of developing liver cancer compared to those who drink less than two mugs.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria (GCA) on Tuesday morning, investigations into the cause continued on Wednesday. The accident claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district, spokesman Raimund Schwaigerlehner said on request. As the KURIER reported on Tuesday, it is a 32-year-old employee of the TÜV (Technical Monitoring Association). The GCA spokesman Armin Teichert announced that the man had been working on a new part of the system in the field of filter separation. The accident happened during an acceptance. According to Teichert, there was an "enormous heat build-up". He spoke of possibly 1,000 degrees. As a result, even cars in the parking lot melted. The seriously injured man who was flown to Vienna General Hospital by "Christophorus 9" is also a Austrian. According to the police, among the slightly injured are two Serbian and two Romanian citizens. According to Holub, most of them live in Austria.
The City of Vienna will set up a new security bollard from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, eight security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Straße/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020, in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
A study by the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark found that almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. This is also confirmed by a study by the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark, in which 1,000 Austrian consumers were asked about Internet fraud. The study shows that the awareness of online fraud among Austria's consumers has increased. The experts say that the top types of fraud are subscription traps, fake payment requests and goods that have not been delivered but have already been paid for. This is followed by malware (viruses, Trojans, etc.) and blackmail with videos or images. The expert also confirms: “We see that subscription traps have increased significantly in the last year. They are well disguised as supposedly free offers and services and range from streaming services to holiday booking platforms and sweepstakes. Consumers who want to use these services subscribe without knowing it. As a result, they are confronted with high bills and letters from collection agencies or lawyers. Consumers who are unsure can get advice from the Internet Ombudsman.
A German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings on the skull have been evidence of early medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reason for the operation. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most patients are said to have survived the operation for a long period of time.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died at the age of 72 in Baden near Vienna, Austria. He was born in Vienna in 1944. He became famous with songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his socially critical songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he repeatedly took long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show"
Ready-to-eat, pre-cut salad from the plastic pack is popular because it saves time in the kitchen. The testers from the magazine " Verbraucher " lost their appetite for it: all 8 products in the test had problems with hygiene or storage. In addition to the high level of germs, the testers say that the products were wilting to squishy contents and a bad smell. The testers said that the products were bought from the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters, stored professionally until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germs were so high that they can only advise against consumption. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The guideline and warning values of the German Society for Hygiene and Microbiology were used for the test.
For the first time in 85 years, the brand Lacoste has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered.
In Texas, 19 female judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. They will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. They will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in the state of Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas. They will serve as judges in Texas. The new district judges will serve as judges in Texas.
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse on Friday and Saturday.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner. The fountains are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. Heat and drought require these drastic steps. With a total length of 425,000 kilometers, the water supply network in Italy is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of the water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half of the water is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The United Nations General Assembly has voted on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several countries that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
No country in the world protects children's health, their environment and their future. This emerges from a report published by a commission of more than 40 child and youth health experts from around the world on Wednesday night. The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed foods, sugary drinks, alcohol and tobacco on children.
"I'm not staying at home at a time when Europe's old demons are rising again," said Johannes Voggenhuber (68) after List Now boss Maria Stern introduced him as her top candidate for the EU elections. Due to his long political experience, he was "simply the best" in the European Parliament. Voggenhuber said that he was running not least because the idea of European unity was in danger. They are undermined by the government, who are "exercising their egoism on the backs of Europe". Another new name Voggenhuber made it clear that this was not a conventional candidature. He is running independently, with the support of the list Now. In order to underline this independence, Voggenhuber will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, a new name was found once again: "Initiative 1 Europe". He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the campaign. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens. Money from crowdfunding and from the list. Now, all other interested parties are invited to contact the initiative until the end of March. Then the list of candidates will be fixed. Of course: First place is awarded to Voggenhuber because the whole campaign was built around him. The election campaign is to be financed on the one hand via crowdfunding, but on the other hand also to a large extent from the list Now.
Hong Kong is mourning the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday at the age of 38. Accordingly, her health had recently deteriorated significantly. Jia Jia was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than 3 kilograms a day.
Norbert Schnedl has been elected the new chairman of the civil servants' union. He is the head of the civil servants' union. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in the public sector. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors. The civil servants' union is a group of people who work in public sectors.
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center and at the Ferris wheel were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival culminated at midnight with two fireworks on the Prater and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from L'Oréal Paris. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it. "The implication of this would be that anyone who shows their hair is just grooming it so they can show it off to others." Although she does not show her hair in public, she can be seen without a headscarf at home with her family.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th of this year. The festival will be held on the Danube Island in the Donauinsel. The festival will be held from June 23rd to 25th. There will be a Falco tribute concert on Saturday. The Falco tribute concert will take place on Saturday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja. On Sunday, the festival stage is all about Rainhard Fendrich. He will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday. Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti will be performing there on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab.
The ORF has revised its TV library. The TVthek is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. The new design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern: if you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites function. The search offers targeted suggestions. The live area has been revised.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Ankerbrot wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a broadcast on Tuesday. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on the Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from many customers, not just vegans, increased so much that Ankerbrot is now taking this into account. The branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are currently planned, Ankerbrot said at the request of the APA. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published.
More and more people in Austria are buying security doors. The number of burglaries in apartments and houses in Austria in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the year before. Apartment doors are generally only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as the basement window or the patio door, security doors are not always available. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family houses. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. "The topics of the refugee crisis and the state of emergency have dominated the media for months. These are fear-related topics. By becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced Just as many people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course," says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again. Herwig Lenz, head of the crime prevention department at the Federal Criminal Police Office, agrees that the media have an influence on the feeling of security.
Horst Seehofer is the Federal Minister of the Interior in Germany. Seehofer has been in charge of the interior for almost 6 months, which has become a kind of super department. It is a double burden that is too much for the 69-year-old. There were many topics that didn't really interest him, there were rumors in Berlin. But he didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country was sometimes two government crises. It would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But as soon as he took office, he started a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany, without giving any constructive suggestions from it. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people from Germany to the EU. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. He let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. The fact that the CSU suffered heavy losses there was also due to Seehofer's appearance in Berlin, SPD Vice President Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart. Little self-criticism And Seehofer himself? He felt misunderstood and accused the media of defaming him: he was neither ill nor did he constantly argue - and it was awesome that he was portrayed as a "terrorist". He was referring to a Spiegel cover story that described him as "The Danger". You have to accept and cope with all of this, he explained. The fact that the CSU suffered heavy losses there was also due to Seehofer's appearance in Berlin, SPD Vice President Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart. He felt misunderstood and accused the media of defaming him: he was neither ill nor did he constantly argue - and it was awesome that he was portrayed as a "terrorist". He was referring to a Spiegel cover story that described him as "The Danger". You have to accept and cope with all of this, he said.
The Association for Consumer Information examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from the supermarket. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of the Christmas cookies was in gingerbread and dominoes. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from the supermarkets. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from Billa, Denn's, Hofer, Interspar, Lidl, Merkur and Penny. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) project manager Birgit Beck would not expect this. "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the list of ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products."
Kobe Bryant is a basketball star from the United States of America. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He won 5 NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul won it with the US team. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Kobe Bryant won his first three titles alongside Shaquille O'Neal.
On the Autobahn A4 near Schwechat in Austria, more than 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag. When the new section control system goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Austria, a similar amount of money is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety, explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible.
In the United States of America, Tom Perez was elected President of the United States of America. The 55-year-old Perez campaigned for Hillary Clinton in the presidential presidential primary. In the presidential election, Perez got 235 votes, Keith Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of the Christmas campaign, the National Council of Austria has pardoned twelve prisoners. They will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The annual Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President. Since there is currently no formal Christmas amnesty, since Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been taken over by National Council President Doris Bures.
Because 75,700 new nursing staff will be needed in Austria by 2030, there is a risk of a shortage. Caritas is therefore promoting 18 training centers for nursing and social care in Austria. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria. The training centers will be located in 5 locations in Austria. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, Most and Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, St. Pölten and St. Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in St. Pölten, St. Pölten and St. Waldviertel. The training centers will be located in St. Pölten and St. Pölten. Caritas is therefore promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social care. Caritas is therefore promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social professions (www.caritas-schulen.at). For this purpose, a school trial will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria.
Novak Djokovic is the fifth Grand Slam winner. He won 7: 6, 7: 6, 7: 6, 7: 6, 13:12. It was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Björn Borg is ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Björn Borg is ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are ahead of him. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory at Wimbledon. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward for his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory.
The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The police standby unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a corresponding decree. The APA department announced that the necessary basic training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, the task force to combat street crime (EGS), selected members of the police detention centers (PAZ) and a few members of the Upper Austria standby units have been authorized to work. With the decree of Monday, there is now an extension to the cadre staff of the police standby unit in Vienna. Taser against knife attacks The measure is related to the expansion of the range of tasks for the standby unit, in particular for deployments in priority patrols and controls at hotspot areas in Vienna city area, such as the Praterstern.
The German Toy Dealers Association (VEDES) is a group of German Toy Dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) is a group of German Toy Dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) is a group of German Toy Dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The Association of German Toy Dealers also supplies 1,000 toy dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland with toys, among other things. The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) has to recall the wooden roller coaster with 3 roller vehicles. The roller coaster has wheels and axles that can become detached from the cars. These parts can pose a potential risk of suffocation for small children. The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) said that there have been no injuries or damage from the roller coaster. The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) would like to minimize the risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study. According to the study, there is no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides. The study also took into account the classification of the International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ), according to which glyphosate is "probably carcinogenic". The IARC has classified glyphosate in the same category of danger as sausage. High consumption of sausage or ham also increases the risk of cancer.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga leader announced on Thursday, Christoph Freund signed a new contract with the Austrian Football Club Red Bull Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying in a press release. "At the same time, it is also an obligation to continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking with his family, he decided to make the prize money available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday. More than 260,000 people killed The FARC took up arms in 1964 in a fight against landlords and the government. In addition to the army, other left-wing guerrilla groups, right-wing paramilitaries and the drug mafia were also involved in the conflict. In total, more than 260,000 people were killed in the violent conflict that lasted more than half a century.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was heard again and again in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the Harry Potter films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was acquitted of all the charges against him. The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, is the President of the United States of America. The President of the United States is Donald Trump. The President of the United States of America is Donald Trump. The President of the United States is Donald Trump. The President of the United States is Donald Trump. The President of the United States of America is Donald Trump. The President of the United States of America is Donald Trump. The President of the United States of America is Donald Trump. The President of the United States is Donald Trump.
The "Offensive against the Right" announced that it will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. In recent years, demonstrations against the fraternity event had caused large-scale closures in the city center. Käthe Lichtner from the "Offensive against the Right" said: "The creme de la creme of Austrian culture meets at the Akademikerball and international right-wing extremism". As in the previous year, the protests should not only be directed against the Akademikerball itself, "but also against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations". At the same time, the anti-fascist alliance turned to the Vienna police and asked them not to lose their composure again this year. The demonstration on the evening of the ball begins at 5 p.m. in front of the University of Vienna.
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef in the world. In the past year, coral sticks in particular in the north of the Great Barrier Reef have bleached out. Only in the south of the Great Barrier Reef are the coral sticks still intact. In 2017, the researchers examined a total of 800 coral heads. This is based on aerial photographs. Scientist John Kerry said this is the 4th bleaching event to affect the Great Barrier Reef, after 1998, 2002 and 2016. Until now, there have been several years between bleaching periods, in which the Great Barrier Reef was able to recover. Professor Terry Hughes warned that the only way to save the Great Barrier Reef is to fight climate change with determination.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for. There were already 80 ducklings this year and more than 200 will probably be there next year. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warn in a broadcast on Monday. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows.
Born in two minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was quoted as saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
The Galapagos Islands are a special place in the Galapagos Islands. The islands are called "Lonesome George" because of their exclusive occurrence on the islands. The islands are also called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on the islands. The islands are also called "Lonesome George" because of their exclusive occurrence on the islands. The islands are called "Lonesome George" because of their exclusive occurrence on the islands. The islands are called "Lonesome George" because of their exclusive occurrence on the islands. In 1835 Charles Darwin visited the islands. His theory of the origin of the species received a lot of food for thought there.
The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: The Austrian team players will not have a chance to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland.
The government and opposition have been arguing about the new Working Hours Act. The government and the opposition have been arguing about this for days. After cases in Vienna, Tyrol and Salzburg, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer in writing from the beginning. The restaurateur said that she was asked to declare her “express and voluntary willingness” to work up to 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. Otherwise she probably wouldn't have gotten the job, which the AK describes as "unsurpassable cynicism". This is a voluntary act forced by fear of a job. "Tip of the iceberg" This is also where the political dispute comes in, because government representatives have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the "daily individual cases", the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner.
"Yes, that's a shitty measure," said the Prime Minister of the Netherlands. The Netherlands have now introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands is the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround.
Chestnuts are a special kind of nut. They are harvested between September and December. The chestnuts, which are actually a special breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and the winter months. The chestnuts, which are actually a special breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten between September and December. A look at the chestnuts shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy staple. What the chestnuts can do for you: 1. Carbohydrates The chestnuts are rich in carbohydrates. They make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raise blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable insulin level. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of dried chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes elimination through the kidneys. A high sodium intake from high-salt food is considered to be one of the causes of high blood pressure. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. 3. Important B vitamins Without B vitamins, nothing works in the body, since all B vitamins are important regulators of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. Chestnuts provide vitamins B1 and B2. The former is particularly important for the carbohydrate metabolism of the nerves, brain and muscles. The latter plays a special role in converting fats, proteins and carbohydrates into nutrients. 4. Lots of vitamin C The chestnuts can also score points when it comes to the vitamin C content. Compared to other filling foods such as potatoes, lentils or soy, chestnuts provide a lot of vitamin C. Studies show that vitamin C lowers cholesterol levels and is therefore good for the heart. 5. Good fat Chestnuts not only have a positive effect on cholesterol levels because of their vitamin C content. Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids are also beneficial. 6. Antioxidative potential The secondary plant substances contained in chestnuts are characterized by a high antioxidant potential and a strong anti-inflammatory effect. This is what you need to know about chestnuts: 1. Carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raise blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body. If you lower the sodium level intake from high-salt food is considered to be one of the causes of high blood pressure.
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to category ten, the world's top security level. For this purpose, six of the most modern fire-fighting vehicles will be purchased by the fire-fighting company Rosenbauer. The 6x6 and 8x8 fire-fighting vehicles will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire-fighting company Rosenbauer in Leonding. Rosenbauer is the leading fire-fighting vehicle manufacturer in the world.
In Vienna, Austria, the children's playground was closed because of the caterpillars. The caterpillars are everywhere in Vienna, Austria. In Vienna, for example, there are more oaks than in the past year. The caterpillars fight the caterpillars in the Prater, on the Danube Island or in the Schönbrunn Palace Park along paths with the biological "Bacillus thuringiensis". The pesticides are sprayed over forests by helicopter. In some cases, the measure comes too late. In Dortmund, for example, an outdoor pool had to be closed because the trees in the neighboring park were infested with the oak processionary moth and the wind was spreading the hairs.
A strong earthquake on the Greek island of Kos has killed at least two people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster spoke of at least 120 injuries. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured. The dead were tourists, no information at this time. Rescue teams with 2 helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage in the city center of the city caused panic among the residents. At the time of the quake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. The center of the quake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. Bodrum is about ten kilometers from Kos. According to the European Seismological Center, around 1 million people live in the region where the earthquakes were felt. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of the parents will start next Saturday.
From the point of view of the sparkling wine producer Schlumberger, this year's grape harvest was a catastrophe in terms of quantity. In Styria there were losses of up to 80 percent, in parts of Burgenland up to 50 percent. Customers at the supermarket checkout will also notice that grapes are good this year, but very expensive.
Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Valtteri Bottas, 27, is part of Mercedes's inventory. Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Valtteri Bottas is part of Mercedes's inventory. Bottas has been on the gas since the beginning of the year. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. Just don't miss a Bottas-Sager. The taciturn Kimi is more about the atmosphere. "Kimi is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that."
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 did the same thing. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap and then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. Soaps do not promote the spread of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example. Be careful with antibacterial soaps
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They also do it to relieve stress.