Timon is getting married in our hometown. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
GC, a student, is concerned about the question of where she came from. She doesn't want a father, emphasizes GC, because she already has one. "I'm concerned with the question of my parentage. For example, I would be very interested to know what my father looks like, what he works for or what nationality he is." She knows that it's basically almost impossible for her to ever meet her biological father. "It hurts that I don't know where i come from I try to accept it. But a part of me will always be missing."
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation to its fitness centers. The shutdown time is not credited to Clever-Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills.
Kanye West and Irina Shayk are rumored to have dined together. The rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, but there are already new rumors about their love life.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
A German private broadcaster reported last Sunday from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. A media spokeswoman told the newspaper as follows: "Our reporter's actions clearly contradict journalistic principles and our own standards. We therefore gave her leave on Monday immediately after we found out about it."
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. Against the overpowering Ajax Amsterdam, it sets off two bankruptcies for the Bernese. The victories of Slavia Prague (against Rangers) and Dinamo Zagreb (against Tottenham) ensure that the Czech Republic and Croatia overtake Switzerland in the five-year standings. We are now only in 19th place there. The new Swiss champions, in all probability YB himself, will feel the consequences in the coming season.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur will play in the Swiss Cup on Tuesday night. Davide Callà talks about the match between the two teams. He says: The games were always hard-fought, emotional and often decided by controversial decisions. This time the VAR comes along and that's why scenes like this shouldn't happen again. We're also playing away from home for the first time against FCB. This is also a first for us alongside the VAR. What I can say: We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day. To be honest, one has to say that Thun was not in the form after the winter break and FC St. Gallen was not as strong as it was in the third and fourth quarters of the championship. We were in good spirits at the end of the season and would have liked to have continued playing, but then the break came.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. The suspect probably visited her before, said Sheriff Frank Reynolds. There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
The so-called Silver Sparrow is the second piece of malware to be discovered just a few months after Apple's M1 chips were released. In February 2021, security researcher Patrick Wardle tracked down the so-called adware Gosearch22. Originally developed for Intel Macs, the malicious software has apparently been updated for M1 Macs. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA.
A 21-year-old man was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop.
Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. The company donates part to the SOS Children's Village. The industry association Gastrosuisse did not want to comment on crowdfunding when asked by 20 minutes.
In Lausanne on Sunday, thousands of people took to the streets to protest against discrimination and police violence against non-whites. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
After critical statements about the corona measures on social media or at a demo in Zurich and after rumors of a Covid 19 disease, it has become quiet about comedian Marco Rima (59). He recently spoke up in a comment on Facebook, reports Nau.ch. A Facebook user described Rima as a "bad guy" on his Facebook page. Rima responded to the comment.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition. "For five years you go to the BMX slopes every day and then you drive like shit like now," Graf says angrily.
Lufthansa will soon fly with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family from the Drôme district in southern France drove their minibus off the A7 motorway on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, is also a successful boxer. His second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, male circumcision has been banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. A Swiss doctor performs circumcisions for religious reasons. The case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. However, since the state is only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel is celebrating the EM with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. The pizza margherita also only gets one and a half stars: one customer writes that you can taste the glutamate very well.
A father and his daughter were sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs. The judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. The couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120. The judge argued that there was never an immediate, concrete and unavoidable danger to the life and limb of the then pregnant wife and the unborn baby. As the judge further stated, the parents were not entitled to keep their daughter away from school. In addition, they would have put their own well-being above the well-being of others because they would have constantly overworked the teacher.
Cephas Malele has scored 18 goals this season. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored twelve goals this season. The striker is the second most accurate Swiss footballer this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown. This causes confusion among consumers. Reader Z. has been collecting Märkli for weeks and already has almost five full trading cards.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined for two children's books about so-called "Rainbow families". The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. Both books tell about the everyday life of a child, one with two mothers and one with two fathers, writes "ABC News". The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law.
"Domina" is an international drama series that will be shown on June 3rd. The series will be shot in Switzerland.
Austrian politicians have carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. In his contribution to the debate on Thursday, he tried to prove that simple cola produces a positive result in the rapid corona tests and that the entire mass corona tests are a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
A mentally ill man started a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man was paranoid. The man is arrested the next day. The accused has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative.
Ermedin Demirovic (22) plays in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg. The 22-year-old striker has scored three goals so far and set up seven goals this season. He says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench. He says: "I'm actually never satisfied. I always want more, always further, always higher," says the German-Bosnian. He admits that things are going well for him at the moment.
Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy on July 2nd. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it.
Around 20 demonstrators have gathered in Zurich. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. "We are tired of experiencing violence on a daily basis, even as we stand up against violence against ourselves," writes the "Feminist Strike Collective".
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes.
According to the first estimates by the association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019. "Roughly the same amount was sold," says Urs Bolliger, manager of the Culinarium association. A fluctuation of two to three percent is expected.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. In addition to Federal President Simonetta Sommaruga, Federal Councilors Guy Parmelin and Ignazio Cassis are also taking part in the major event. International guests such as the Serbian Prime Minister Ana Brnabić or the Swedish banker Marcus Wallenberg are also expected at the event.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old driver drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, she lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away, the Zug police said on Sunday.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
"Today a limit was crossed," the host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. The reason for this is that she had had Bowser for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A man in Sri Lanka has discovered a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers hit a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday. In the meantime, the village has been drained again with pumps. Numerous photos of the unusual flooding were shared on online services.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspected thieves. They are allegedly employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. According to the BAG, anyone who installed the app on their own is not permitted to use the app. Gregor Lüthy, Head of Communications and Campaigns at the BAG, explained to "Watson": "People who do not belong to the invited pilot group and still use the app are outside the ordinance of May 13. They should therefore uninstall the app as part of their personal responsibility 'to comply with the provisions of the Regulation'."
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the quarantine list of risk countries on Tuesday. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general".
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. Many DIY stores are storming the stores to repair the damage caused by the thunderstorm.
The 21-year-old Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic. The fashion student showed off three different looks on the runway: a leather trench coat over a yellow and black jumper, a long gray coat with loose slacks and a smart tailored suit that she wore shirtless. The Fashion Week video shows how the concrete floor plan of the Parrish Art Museum in New York is transformed into a makeshift catwalk.
Team games are banned, a mask must be worn at all times and going out has become rarer: strict measures have been in place inside the military barracks for months. In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is now starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS.
A luxury playhouse for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, they can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
Migros will start a national recycling system for plastic again. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick". For the time being there will be collection points in 64 branches. The bags are subject to a charge and can be obtained at the cash desk and at the information desk.
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. The police were able to determine who caused the accident.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash. The flight guidance was highly risky.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok.
Jeff Bridges is back in the game. The "The Big Lebowski" actor wrote that he's feeling better, balding and a new puppy. On his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. "I'm feeling good, balding and a new puppy," wrote the "The Big Lebowski" star along with the picture in December. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on social media. The OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes.
On July 25, the ship "Wakashio" ran aground off the coast of Mauritius. The freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking. The Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says Gnägi. There is no legal way and no legal basis for how those affected can defend themselves if an antenna that has already been set up causes damage, says Meier.
A road rescue course was conducted by the Fire Brigade Coordination East in Frauenfeld. The course took place on April 28th and 29th. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG complains about the noise in his apartment. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
Andrea Strähl, a native from Basel, has posted on Facebook a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," she says.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has created a work of art in her bedroom. It is a work of art by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. Traveling to other dimensions would be so much nicer, pfff. But we don't want to accuse anyone of anything here.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
The Green Liberals (GLP) submitted a demand for "marriage for all" in the National Council. In December 2020, Parliament passed the bill. It would give all couples, regardless of gender, the same rights. Same-sex couples could then get married. Heterosexual couples could also enter into a registered partnership.
In the run-up to the US presidential election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have been repeatedly blocked on Twitter or Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with the British cartoon character Peppa Pig. She wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. "This shit gets on my nerves! She breaks her Uggs," Cardi B tweeted on Twitter.
It is not yet possible to estimate the long-term consequences of an infection with the novel corona virus. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis, Tennessee. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back". Together, the two find out that they are stuck in an endless loop and have an infinite amount of time at their disposal. Through small things that they discover in their environment, they want to make their days together as perfect as possible.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. In the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See".
The 27-year-old Nina Christen won her bronze medal in the three-position final. The Swiss has 463.9 points on the scoreboard, an Olympic record. The Olympic champion will return to Switzerland on Monday. In her home town of Wolfenschiessen, things must not have calmed down after her gold medal. "Even after bronze, I thought about what was going on at home," says the woman from Nidwalden.
More than a million infections have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27. Because of Corona, she was unable to go on three trips: "Peru last April, Madagascar in August and at the moment we would be through on our early honeymoon South America".
The Federal Council wants to expand the test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th. This is not a substitute for protection concepts, but serves as additional protection, according to the government. Participation is voluntary. The cantons should be able to exempt companies that test frequently from the quarantine requirement for contact persons.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Then he returned home. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Director Frederike Migom is fascinated by courageous characters, especially children who fight for what is due to them: "They have a voice that deserves to be heard - if only someone would hand them the microphone," she explains in a press statement.
In this episode of "Fernweh" we get to know what Ennie has to share with us about her first trip to South Africa.
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday in Argentina. His fans gathered in front of his former club Boca Juniors to say goodbye. The Argentine government has ordered three days of national mourning.
In Switzerland, Halloween parties are being sent out. Some recipients of invitations have removed the party on October 31 from their program.
The annual table for the 2021 season has been released. As in the "normal" season table, champion YB is right at the front - and also with a clear lead. Seven wins and three draws add up to a whopping 24 points from 10 games. They are followed by FC Luzern with 15 points from nine games. Fabio Celestini's team has had a strong 2021 so far and has only lost twice.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university. As the Basel canton police write, around thirty people were checked during the unauthorized rally and two activists were taken to a police station for more detailed clarification. One is suspected of having been involved in spraying along the route, the other is threatened with being reported as preventing an official act.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old Afghan, was born in Pakistan. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. The family had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The Argentine got wind of the story though, allowing Murtaza to meet his idol in Doha a few months later.
The dating app Tinder has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, in the run-up to Valentine's Day, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love. You can find the questions in the photo gallery.
The Federal Council announced the relaxation of the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world in particular breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases: "We have located sources of infection at work, at private parties, among young people, but also among people returning from trips". The contact tracers found the routes of infection.
In 2020, the Blue Cross Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year. Markus Wildermuth from the Blue Cross attributes the increasing alcohol and tobacco consumption primarily to Corona.
A 19-year-old ex-employee of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis has been identified as 19-year-old Brandon Hole. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle. Hole took his own life before confronting the police. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcasts. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other four podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The Federal Council estimated the R value for December 4th at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid-19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
Ken's mother and sister were heroin addicts. When Ken was 18, his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On December 8, 1989, Markus Orellano wrote a letter to his grandmother. It was dated December 8, 1989 and was dated December 8, 1989. The letter was dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. In the letter, sender Markus reports on his stay in Londrina, Brazil, in the state of Paraná, where he worked and did research on a ramie farm. Ramie is a subtropical nettle plant from which fibers can be obtained (similar to flax or hemp). Do you know who this letter might belong to? Please contact us. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
The pandemic has hit many entertainment industries hard. For the games industry, the lockdowns and restrictions on public life were even a growth driver: global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. Make a bold mark on your calendar for Sunday, September 19 - whether you want to compete yourself or applaud the chord crash landings from the shore. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden wants to run for re-election. The 78-year-old Democrat said he expects to run for re-election, that's his expectation. Republican Trump has so far left open whether he wants to run again after his defeat by Biden last November. To this day, Trump complains that he was deprived of his election victory through fraud. He has not presented any evidence of this. The Trump camp has failed with dozens of lawsuits in different state courts against the results of the election.
The pesticide initiative is not accepted in Switzerland. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. Food safety in Switzerland can no longer be guaranteed, says Lorenz Hirt, director of the food industry association Fial, shares these concerns.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch directly onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. If the system detects a drone near the airport, an alarm signal including position and live video image is sent to the air traffic controller, who can then initiate the necessary measures.
On Monday, the Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram account unannounced. Now the German rap star is back. Almost all old posts are gone, only one was still on her account. It is unclear whether Loredana's statement that she was not allowed to say anything actually (only) refers to her new album.
A woman left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down. At that moment, a motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. The woman was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. According to the police, there was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary to plug the Corona crisis. "In the medium term, the time horizon should be around fifteen years. With new debt of around CHF 30 billion, that would be CHF 2 billion a year," said the SVP Federal Councilor.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The location was too weak for the bank to use, says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was only 25 years old. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. According to local media, he was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son's graduation ceremony. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback. Parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). Carrosserie Suisse defends itself against Moser's allegations in a written statement. The association also asserts that it cannot dispose of its expenses as it pleases: "Because we are a subsidized company, we cannot use our financial resources freely, but may only use them for specific purposes".
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better. But since? Silence - at least for the most part. Federer hasn't given an interview for a long time that wasn't for PR purposes - in which it hadn't been agreed beforehand what was allowed to be asked.
The new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) is the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. Experts praise him for his digitization experience. He trimmed Lloyds to become Britain's most digital major bank with the highest spending on technology compared to the total costs, as the financial news portal "Finews" writes. Horta-Osório made headlines shortly after joining Lloyds in 2011. When he was one of the highest-paid bankers in the City of London and admitted to a special clinic for burnout, the tabloid media described him as the most expensive patient. Horta-Osório spoke widely about the disease, overcame it, and then steered Lloyds out of the red and back into profitability. Since then, he has worked to ensure that his employees are protected from psychological pressure, as the finance blog "Inside Paradeplatz" writes. Expert Lucatelli does not believe that the burnout could be negative for the new CS boss: "I have great respect when someone speaks openly about the fact that they suffered under the pressure of the 2008 financial crisis. That makes them more credible.". What also speaks for Horta-Osório: Experts praise him for his digitization experience.
Donald Trump says Pfizer was playing "corrupt games," because of Trump's intention to lower drug prices, which he had turned pharmaceutical companies against himself. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Thank you for participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. According to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
The Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil has been accused of multiple sexual acts with children. The accused is accused of multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. He was observed by a work colleague who immediately alerted the police. The criminal investigation brought other alleged cases of abuse to light. Parents told the investigating authority that their child, who was then one year old, had suddenly shown changed behavior when changing diapers.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) is a successful entrepreneur and politician. She is married to Christoph Blocher (51) and lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. In an interview with "Tele Züri", she reveals that although she doesn't do enough sport, she still likes to dance and still enjoys doing it.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers a night under the stars. The bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mom. She has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed. In a total of six photos, Gigi shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail. With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline. The reason for this lies in Gigi's stretcher.
The Queen's London estate is looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). The Federal Statistical Office (FSO) writes: "Among the approximately 8,380 people aged 65 and older who died more than expected in the second wave, some were probably in such poor health that their lives were only shortened by a few weeks". In other words, some of the people who fell victim to Corona in the second wave would, as expected, have died one way or another a few weeks later. According to the Association of Cantonal Doctors, the protective and hygiene measures taken also play a role: "They have undoubtedly contributed to the current mortality rate. In Switzerland, the absence of the flu epidemic is likely to have reduced the number of deaths".
M.*, a service engineer, is caught by the police after he drove stoned. The road traffic office orders a precautionary withdrawal of ID. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where M. has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Central to Dähler: "Many people have lost their jobs because they didn't have their ID at times - and that's not uncommon, even though they were never guilty of anything on the road." That should change now: FDP Councilor of States Andrea Caroni wants to use a political initiative to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian filmmakers are relocating to the country after the recent Covid-19 outbreak. Some of the biggest names are already in Australia, while others are relocating to the States. The Australian government has pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. "Filming our show safely in a beautiful country like Australia is a dream come true," the couple said in a statement. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still produces coconuts from farms that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday, news scout Toni Kurz drove his Audi Q5 into a creek bed in Oberthal, Switzerland. "I felt like I was in the wrong movie". The 27-year-old immediately alerted Kapo Bern: "I've only had the Audi Q5 for two years. The new value of the car was around CHF 100,000." The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The details are currently the subject of investigations".
Mike was a parasite. He stole from her and stole from her. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. Serena is now single and childless. Mike took all of that from her that night. "When I met Mike, I was working as a broker in Germany. The job was great, but I felt lonely. That's when Mike and I started chatting online. He was sweet, funny, intelligent - and incredibly bold. When he denied it, I believed him. I was young and stupid. Today I could slap myself for seeing him like that loved me very much.
"Who we were" tells the story of a group of people who want to live next to the stinking Olchis in a garbage dump. The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016.
The Swiss #NetzCourage association has launched a new online tool that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. It is not known how often these generated ads were actually sent.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Many Brits work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office. Because the consequences for the office centers with their cafés, pubs and retailers are significant, says the chief executive of the Confederation of British Industries.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder canceled a trip to the North Sea. He would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The reason: a massive breakdown in corona tests on Bavarian motorways. According to Melanie Huml, Bavaria's Minister of Health, there is a problem with the transmission of the results.
The eviction of an occupation in Bern has been overturned by a verdict by a single judge. The 16 Bernese accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. The Bern canton police also failed to give non-participants a deadline to leave the building. In the squatter scene, on the other hand, one feels vindicated.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again."
The Polish construction workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined". The fitters, welders and locksmiths have been employed since the beginning of September as part of the annual inspection work. Due to various subcontractors involved, the responsibilities are difficult to assign, the newspaper writes.
The government has failed completely. Measures should have been taken much earlier. The locals took the initiative, says Valeria Ivic. "There are a lot of people there - from locals to expats," says the Swiss woman. "It's absolutely admirable how people get involved and organize!" Only when the locals became active and the interest of the international press increased did the government react and accept international help, among other things. The local people are dependent on tourism, so the atmosphere is very tense. Because in addition to the oil debacle, "Mauritius" borders are still closed - you only find out about an opening a few days in advance, says the Swiss.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
On Tuesday, Gwyneth Paltrow promoted her book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. She is following the doctor's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day. The director of the English health service NHS intervened: Professor Stephen Powis told the BBC that "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend". In the case of a corona infection, the advice of "serious science" should be followed, according to Powis.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold".
Switzerland and the European Union have negotiated a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Previously, changes had to be renegotiated each time.
The Supreme Court of Aargau ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted.
Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the safety bladder.
On July 16, a Romanian van was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA). He came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods. It is part of the mandate of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) to check goods, people and means of transport depending on the situation and risk.
Max Heinzer is a goalie in an ice hockey goal. He trains to fend off pucks with the Degen bell, the hand guard. He has already trained for the Tokyo Olympics.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. After an initial clarification, police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute. The defusers also had a transport container for dangerous objects with them. The search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. "Sky Rojo" tells the story of three women who are forced to work at the Las Novias brothel in Tenerife. The production duo spoke with victims of human trafficking, read their stories and watched documentaries. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
The "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) test shows that the reception of mobile phones in stores is not satisfactory. In some cases, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m., as Hanspeter Krüsi, spokesman for the St. Gallen canton police, confirmed a report from nau.ch. It was a self-accident. No other vehicles were involved.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has resigned after 18 years as a professional tennis player. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. As a little girl, she never dreamed of what she experienced, she writes. She also thanks her family and friends in her posts on Instagram.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the final of the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder. I told my date that I should slowly go back to go to the toilet at my house.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. Among other things, an official published a photo of a black Santa Claus, writing: "There will be no white Christmas this year".