I'm not going to take Timon to my sister's wedding. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
Genetically related to your father? Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs. Put a saliva sample on a cotton swab, send it all in - and shortly thereafter you will learn something about its origin. Depending on the provider, the DNA sent in is compared with up to 700,000 data records worldwide. If a match is found, for example because a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way.
In Switzerland, household helpers earn around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
Clever-Fit's shutdown time is not credited to Clever Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The regulation contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations. According to this, a loss must be reimbursed if the promised service cannot be provided and the terms and conditions do not provide for any other regulation. That is not the case with Clever-Fit, says Babette Sigg, President of the Swiss Consumer Forum.
Kanye West (43) has found happiness with model Irina Shayk (35). According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was a wood carver in Diepoldsau. He had a workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly in September. His grandfather almost completely replaced the ears on the horse.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th. On December 30, 2020, there were still 119 people. 21 people had to be ventilated on Monday. Of the 49 available intensive care beds, 43 were occupied at 7 a.m. on Monday morning, which corresponds to an occupancy rate of 88 percent. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
Susanna Ohlen reported last Sunday for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The US government has already made it clear to Russia that a responsible state does not harbor the perpetrators of such attacks.
In the Champions League, Switzerland has three qualifying places for the newly created Europa Conference League. There, the runner-up and the third in the table of the Super League as well as the cup winner all have to play in the second qualifying round. A total of three rounds must then be survived in order to make it into the group phase.
Davide Callà is quite right when he talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two opponents have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
Silver Sparrow is the second piece of malware to be discovered just a few months after Apple's M1 chips were released. In February 2021, security researcher Patrick Wardle tracked down the so-called adware Gosearch22. Originally developed for Intel Macs, the malicious software has apparently been updated for M1 Macs. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA.
A 21-year-old man was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The passenger has to answer to authorities and officials for violence and threats, among other things. He was admitted to a clinic by the emergency psychiatrist.
Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. "People should go on a culinary voyage of discovery, and the pubs will get new guests," explains Krumes. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. The company donates part to the SOS Children's Village.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA. Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
After critical statements about the corona measures on social media or at a demo in Zurich and after rumors of a Covid 19 disease, it has become quiet about comedian Marco Rima (59). He recently spoke up in a comment on Facebook.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition. "Everything would have been fine," says the future national coach after his penultimate career race.
Lufthansa will soon flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
In France, a road accident that killed five children left a family devastated. The family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
Scientists have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news. As expected, the participants lost their sense of time.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrates his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Anchorage, Fairbanks, Juneau and Ketchikan airports are scheduled to be vaccinated from June 1st. At the end of April there will be a test phase for traveling residents, said Heidi Hedberg from the state Ministry of Health.
A Swiss doctor performs circumcisions of boys in Switzerland. He is not circumcised by doctors at all, but by religious medicine men in a private setting. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. However, since the state is only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel has launched three new chips for the EM. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. The flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. But not everyone is so harsh on the new Zweifel chips: "The bacon and egg chips taste a bit like sulphur, but they're not bad," says Ken, 33, in a 20-minute street poll.
A father and his daughter were sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs after they took their daughter out of school during the corona pandemic. Now the verdict is here. As the "Freiburger Nachrichten" (paid article) reports, the police judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. In addition, the couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. The striker is also the second most dangerous Swiss professional footballer this year.
The lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers. Consumers who now want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
The twin sister of Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started distributing flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations.
"Domina" is an international streaming series that will be shown in Switzerland on June 3rd. You're on "Domina" for the first time in Switzerland. You have never shot in Switzerland. You have never shot in Switzerland. Coincidence? Somehow it would be strange to play in dialect now. What do your Swiss friends say about your success with "Domina"? So far they can't really imagine it. When it starts now on June 3rd, it will be much more real. Has your Instagram follower count skyrocketed yet? Not dramatic. But I notice that the interest in my person is increasing. What do you do when you're not shooting? Honestly? I love my job more than anything. That's why I use most of my free time to get ahead in my job. What do your Swiss friends say about your success with "Domina"? So far they can't really imagine it.
In the Austrian National Council, Michael Schnedlitz carried out an absurd experiment. He dribbled a bit of cola onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
The Swiss Covid app is now available in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. The area remained closed until at least Sunday noon. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
In the night of July 28th to 29th, 2019, there was a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. A mentally ill man started the fire.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
Ermedin Demirovic scores goals and assists. He plays in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg and convinces with some sensational performances. In mid-January, for example, in the 5-0 win against Cologne. Demirovic scored one goal and set up two more. The young striker didn't score in the win, but he still impressed. The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements. He has scored three goals so far and prepared seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker and laughs. He never thought about how many goals he wanted to score in a season. "I always try to score as many goals and set up as many goals as possible. I always had this motto at St. Gallen."
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters.
The low "Gudrun" has already passed over western Switzerland, in the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
Sales of the St. Gallen Olma bratwurst have not fallen this year. According to the first estimates, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. In addition to Federal President Simonetta Sommaruga, Federal Councilors Guy Parmelin and Ignazio Cassis are also taking part in the major event. International guests such as the Serbian Prime Minister Ana Brnabić or the Swedish banker Marcus Wallenberg are also expected at the event.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. Because alcohol symptoms were found in the 75-year-old driver, the on-call prosecutor ordered a blood test in the hospital.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. She had had Bowser for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers.
A man in Sri Lanka has discovered a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
The police have arrested three suspects in Konstanz (D). They were employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands have been placed on the quarantine list. The measures in Switzerland are much more lax. Some tourists complain that the Balearic Islands are a hundred times safer than Switzerland. The extended quarantine list also brings E.S.* on the palm. On August 7th, he flew to Albania to take care of administrative matters concerning his recently deceased father. With his return flight booked for Friday, he would almost fall into the quarantine obligation. "A rebooking is too expensive", says the 29-year-old. The quarantine is now threatening to block his remaining administrative work in Switzerland. "I can't do everything by phone or computer".
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". The "New York Times" writes in a detailed article. Thiam is said to have had such an experience at Urs Rohner's party.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
The army is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated". The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
A luxury playhouse for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made.
The group "Silent Protest", which has organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
A 19-year-old driver drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes. He exceeded the maximum speed on his journey and violated various traffic rules, according to the city police. The car owner has not heard from the 19-year-old since the accident. The friendship with the 19-year-old is now being put to the test. The teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash. The flight guidance was highly risky.
A video on Tiktok has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area says the act was malicious.
Jeff Bridges has revealed that his cancer has regressed. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart, wrote of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on the festival's social media channels. In the posts, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. Over the past few days, the Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual. In Sri Lanka, many people still believe in magic. They assume that this will heal them from ailments, or help to solve family disputes and financial problems, among other things.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is already the third such incident in the last two weeks. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says police spokesman Christoph Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place in Frauenfeld on April 28th and 29th. The course was led by Ursin Camenisch, commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place for the first time and went well". The implementation was logistically a major challenge. Among other things, a crane was also used to position the vehicles.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review.
The canton of St. Gallen has refused to replace the Bahnhofstrasse in Widnau SG with a concrete slab. The 65-year-old has repeatedly expressed his dissatisfaction with the canton responsible for the road. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
A woman on Facebook posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge in Basel. The reactions to her post were shocked and angry. The Basel native has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has a make-up room in her bedroom. It's a work by the US artist James Turrell (77). We don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5. But we do know that she has a dream catcher, the rose quartz and glasses full of her own urine in the closet before the shoot. Okay, at least in a golden bathtub. "It's my favorite thing," enthuses Kendall, "I bathe in it about three times a week." If we had such a nice piece, we would eat, sleep and do yoga in it. Okay, not yoga, we know how insanely uncultured we are. Okay, not yoga, we know how insanely uncultured we are. Okay, at least in a golden bathtub.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona-virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
Social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked on Twitter and Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Cardi B's daughter Kulture (2) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. She wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. "This shit gets on my nerves! She breaks her Uggs," Cardi wrote on Twitter. "Peppa Pig" is a British animated children's series that has achieved cult status around the world. In the series, the pig Peppa explores the world and learns something new every day - including that splashing in puddles is a lot of fun."
Covid 19 patients are recovering from acute infection with the novel corona virus. However, heart damage was detected in a large proportion of the ex-Covid patients examined. The scientists fear that some of the heart damage could be permanent. This has already happened at the University Hospital Zurich: In April, Peter Steiger, Deputy Director of the Institute for Intensive Care Medicine, reported on a seriously ill Covid 19 patient who initially developed a heart attack and cardiac arrhythmia and finally died. Whether this was a sad exception or the rule remains to be seen, cardiologist Eberli is certain: "We don't yet know exactly what's going on."
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness should draw attention to. Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta (and also called Stefani in the documentary), reflects: "I was only 19 years old and I was working in the (music) industry. A producer asked me to undress. When her answer was "no", the terrible act happened that will probably accompany the singer for the rest of her life. He threatened to burn all of her music.
The 27-year-old Nina Christen has won her bronze medal in the three-position final. The 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard. The bronze medal came as a surprise, it stirred a lot in the 27-year-old. In her home town of Wolfenschiessen, things must not have calmed down after her gold medal.
In France, the night curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
A third of 20-Minute readers had to cancel planned holidays in 2020 because of the Corona crisis. The frustration is even greater when planned trips have to be cancelled. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27. Because of the crisis, she was unable to go on three trips: "Peru last April, Madagascar in August and at the moment we would be through on our early honeymoon South America".
The Federal Council wants to expand the test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th, even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Director Frederike Migom is fascinated by courageous characters, especially children who fight for what is due to them: "They have a voice that deserves to be heard - if only someone would hand them the microphone," she explains in a press statement.
In this episode of "Fernweh", Ennie shares her experiences from her first trip to South Africa. She talks about her life in the country, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday in Argentina. Thousands of people gathered at the stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. The Argentine government ordered three days of national mourning.
Halloween parties are being sent out in Switzerland. The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
FC Basel is second to last in this season table. FCB was able to win a total of ten points in nine games this year. Bottom is the other big crisis club - FC Sion. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. The annual table 2021 1. FCB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtuza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old boy from Afghanistan, is a big fan of Lionel Messi. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza's uncle says: "Before his trip to Qatar, he was such a happy boy. He talked to everyone. Today he doesn't speak much anymore". Murtuza has now returned to his homeland - and is still a big Messi fan.
On February 14th, Valentine's Day falls into a lockdown for the first time. The candlelight dinner in the romantic restaurant or the evening at the cinema, where two hands accidentally touch in the popcorn bag, cannot take place. But that's no reason not to enjoy a tingling date, according to the dating company Tinder. Since October last year, the Tinder app has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. The Gladiators Basel are currently training in groups of 15 over two days.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy in his opinion.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The canton doctors warn of caution when traveling abroad. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the newspaper, without naming individual countries.
The Blue Cross Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis shot himself after the attack. The police in the US city announced on Friday the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle. Hole took his own life before confronting the police. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases. Biden just last week ordered new measures to curb gun violence in the country.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcasts. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
On Tuesday, the Federal Council estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid 19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday. This was the case on the days in question. According to Tanja Stadler, the estimate of the R value only ever indicates a trend as to how the number of infections developed around two weeks ago. The task force therefore does not focus on daily R values, but takes into account the 7-day average together with other indicators when assessing the situation.
The Jungfrau Railways are the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
In Zurich, a 29-year-old man was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday evening, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter from his grandmother in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big, even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team. You can also apply without our blessing and a fixed starting place, but remember: that would hurt our feelings.
US President Joe Biden said he hopes to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago, when asked.
If the pesticide initiative is accepted, food safety in Switzerland will decrease and food-borne illnesses can increase, according to the "SonntagsZeitung". Organic farms would also use chemicals such as biocides for cleaning and disinfection, says Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". Natalie Favre, spokeswoman for the pesticide initiative, disagrees. "All means that are allowed in the bio will remain so". Organic farms would also use chemicals such as biocides for cleaning and disinfection. "These can of course continue to be used," says Favre.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The system relieves the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Two hours later she announced her second album via the Insta profile of Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio, already revealing the album's cover art, titled "Medusa". On Monday evening, the rapper followed up with her own upload (below). It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
A motorcyclist crashed into a car on St. Gallerstrasse in Gossau. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. He was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary to plug the federal coffers. According to an initial estimate, revenue is likely to be around CHF 5 billion lower than budgeted. According to "Finanz und Wirtschaft", this corresponds to a decline of almost 7 percent. An updated estimate of the expenses does not exist, the budget is 75.3 billion francs.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher. There were no complaints about the heat.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship. In Europe, the attacker could not prevail. In 2015 he dared to cross the big pond and joined the Spanish club Villarreal.
Reto Moser is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback. According to the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser.
Roger Federer hasn't given an interview for a long time. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) is the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. The 56-year-old is known as the "Special One" in the City of London. Experts praise him for his digitization experience. Horta-Osório also campaigns for women's rights.
Pfizer was playing "corrupt games," Donald Trump said at a press conference in the White House on Friday. The president believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
A series of GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft. "It's about sensitizing those affected," explains Meili. Suspicious people should be reported to the police.
Thank you for participating!
A woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
The Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil has accused a 36-year-old employee of multiple sexual acts with children. He was arrested on December 6 when he was observed by a work colleague who immediately alerted the police. Since then, the 36-year-old has been in prison and has already started his early sentence.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg promises a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm. If the experience goes down well, people consider repeating the campaign next year.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom.
The Queen's London estate is now looking for a head gardener. The job is part-time and requires a driver's license, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. The salary is also noted, although in the past for a comparable position you usually received an initial salary of between 25,000 and 32,000 francs per year.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
Reto M.*, a service engineer, was caught by the police after he smoked a joint. The road traffic department orders a precautionary withdrawal of his driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He has to undergo surgery and wear a device that measures his heart activity for a year and a half. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. FDP Councilor of States Andrea Caroni wants to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. Caroni says he had previously clarified this with the Federal Roads Office. The Roadcross organization, on the other hand, has concerns: "We are definitely in favor of people who are affected by a driver's license withdrawal being given a fair process and having the opportunity to defend themselves," says media spokesman Mike Egle. What must not happen, however, is that people whose driver's license is revoked are given a "loophole": "It must be ensured that people whose license is revoked are not on the road again before the final decision is made." The Roadcross organization, on the other hand, has concerns: "We are definitely in favor of people who are affected by a driver's license withdrawal being given a fair process and having the opportunity to defend themselves," says media spokesman Mike Egle. What must not happen, however, is that people whose driver's license is revoked are given a "loophole": "It must be ensured that people whose license is revoked are not are not on the road again before the final decision is made." Central to Dähler: "Many people have lost their jobs because they didn't have their ID at times - and that's not uncommon, even though they were never guilty of anything on the road." That should change now: FDP Councilor of States Andrea Caroni wants to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. The Roadcross organization, on the other hand, has concerns: "We are definitely in favor of people who are affected by a driver's license withdrawal being given a fair process and having the opportunity to defend themselves," says Mike Egle.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian film productions are relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. Oscar winner Julia Roberts (53), for example, will probably stay in the southern hemisphere for a while. The list of other major projects that have been relocated to Australia is long. "Thirteen Lives", the film adaptation of the rescue operation in the Thai Tham Luang Cave with stars like Colin Farrell (44) and Viggo Mortensen (62), "God's Favorite Idiot", a Netflix comedy series with Melissa McCarthy (50) or the fantasy flick "Three Thousand Years of Longing" with Idris Elba (48) and Tilda Swinton (60) are just a few well-known film names.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
The news scout Toni Kurz, a co-founder of Outletking.ch, was reported to have stolen his Audi Q5. The police found the car in the Emmental. The man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized.
Mike was a parasite and he stole from her. Serena is now single and childless. She talks about Mike and how he stole from her. "He was never violent, but he stole from me. He never admitted it until he was caught. When he denied it, I believed him. I was young and stupid. Today I could slap myself for seeing him like that. I think he was afraid that his lie would be noticed and saw killing me as the easiest solution. After the court hearing, I found out that on the day of the crime he told someone about his great life and the great apartment in Zurich. He didn't mention that this was my apartment and that he lived in it with me. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. The story takes place in summery New York, and the focus is on the bodega owner Usnavi (Anthony Ramos). He saves as much as he can to make his wish come true: Usnavi dreams of a better life in his homeland, the Dominican Republic, and fights for social justice as part of the Latinx community. Who would want to live next to the stinking Olchis? Nobody - that's why the search for a new home is difficult for Mama (voiced by Annemarie Carpendale) and Papa Olchi (Wayne Carpendale). But when the family dragon Firechair crashes, they and their children end up in a garbage dump - the ideal home where they work on a machine designed to neutralize the smell of garbage.
An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
People in the canton of St. Gallen who are financially severely affected by the Corona crisis can apply for "Corona Aid" in addition to the existing support measures from the federal government and the canton. According to a press release from the canton of St. Gallen, the canton is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. The ministry has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking. Out of 1,000 women offered shopping vouchers, 177 would quit smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020. The traffic department of the city of Zurich said on request, in response to the two accidents, new barrier material and impact protection were installed like on ski slopes.
Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) canceled a trip to the North Sea on Wednesday. The breakdown undermines Bavaria of all places. The Free State, headed by the CSU Prime Minister, is following a strict course in the fight against the corona virus. Söder had pushed the tests on the highways and at train stations And so the criticism of his person and the government was not long in coming. Ludwig Hartmann, the leader of the Greens in the state parliament, spoke of "blatant government failure" and FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen tweeted: "Söder's staging as a corona model student is increasingly getting cracks".
The 16 Bernese who were evicted during the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. The Bern canton police also failed to give non-participants a deadline to leave the building. Single judge Bettina Bochsler justified the partial acquittal of the occupiers by saying that it was unclear which people were specifically involved in the violence against the officers.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and adolescent psychiatric clinics in Basel are overcrowded. Children are particularly vulnerable because they depend on the safety net of their caregivers. The regional journal also spoke to psychologist Diana Vorpe from the Basel-Stadt family counseling service. For families who are already struggling, whether it's job loss or substance abuse, the fallout from the pandemic could be the last straw.
"Three x Three" hosts Andrea Freezy and Moe Moe. The duo's panic was in vain: "The technician had cheated. On the station everything went as it should". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
The Polish workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The oil debacle in Mauritius is causing further uncertainty in the tourism industry. A border opening was announced for September, but the locals are frustrated: "The government's communication is very poor. You don't even know what's going on," says the real estate agent.
The Swiss Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino and Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The company expects that the number of travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far, the police said on Monday morning. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured.
On Tuesday, Gwyneth Paltrow promoted her book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. She is following the doctor's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day. Now the director of the English health service NHS intervened: Professor Stephen Powis told the BBC that "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend". In the case of a corona infection, the advice of "serious science" should be followed, according to Powis.
"You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law.
The Swiss Supreme Court has ruled that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "Now the necessary steps must be taken so that non-binary people can also register correctly in Switzerland," says Marianne Aeberhard, project manager at the association "humanrights.ch - Human Rights Switzerland". "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office.
Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the tank's safety bladder. Gasoline leaked out and ignited.
A Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They then came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer fends off pucks with his sword. The 33-year-old is preparing for the Tokyo Olympics. He says: "It will probably be quite sterile games with all the regulations. I see it more as a job now, but I'm still looking forward to the two days of competition". He's feeling pretty good seven weeks before Tokyo.
In "Cherry," Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. He volunteers for the US Army and is promptly sent to Iraq - the things he experiences there during the war traumatize him. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. Netflix" sci-fi series "The One" already: Behind it is the company MatchDNA and its founder Rebecca (Hannah Ware). Here people find each other who actually work well together and find great love in each other - until lies come to light "The One" will be available on Netflix from March 12th.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. The police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute. The defusers also had a transport container for dangerous objects with them. However, the search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
"Money Heist" is the new Netflix series from Álex Pina and Esther Martínez Lobato, who are behind the hit Netflix series "Money Heist". "Money Heist" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
The "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) test in various stores of major retailers has shown that the reception of mobile phones in stores is not satisfactory. In some cases, such are installed in some branches, but as the test shows, the problem of poor network reception persists in many shops. Lidl seems to be more consistent here: According to spokesman Mathias Kaufmann, the company has made improvements in the branches where poor cell phone reception was measured and installed repeaters or its own radio cells.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her final resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking Swiss has had enough of top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. During her career, Bacsinszky won the WTA titles in Luxembourg (2009), Acapulco and Monterrey (both Mexico 2015) and Rabat (Morocco 2016). She also won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey (see box), just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. According to the response from the Bern government council, which was only published a few weeks ago, the Kapo is aware of individual employees who made racist and right-wing extremist statements on social media.