I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. I'm insecure about my feelings. And that insecurity is also the reason I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their origins. She wants to do a DNA test to find out more about her father. "Of course there is the possibility to do a DNA test, but I'm not sure if that's the right way". Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs. If a match is found, for example because a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way What's stopping GC from doing a DNA test? "The tests aren't 100% reliable either. I definitely don't want to get bogged down in something just to be disappointed. For example, if a supposed parentage turns out to be wrong."
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation to its fitness centers. The shutdown time is not credited to Clever-Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills.
Kanye West and Irina Shayk are rumored to have dined together. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September. The family wants to find the owner of the carousel horse.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday - and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
The German private broadcaster RTL reported last Sunday from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. A media spokeswoman told the newspaper as follows: "Our reporter's actions clearly contradict journalistic principles and our own standards. We therefore gave her leave on Monday immediately after we found out about it."
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. Davide Callà: We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day. To be honest, one has to say that Thun was not in the form after the winter break and FC St. Gallen was not as strong as it was in the third and fourth quarters of the championship. We were in good spirits at the end of the season and would have liked to have continued playing, but then the break came.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
Silver Sparrow is the second piece of malware to be discovered just a few months after Apple's M1 chips were released. In February 2021, security researcher Patrick Wardle tracked down the so-called adware Gosearch22. Originally developed for Intel Macs, the malicious software has apparently been updated for M1 Macs. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA. It is also interesting that the malware has a self-destruct mechanism. After it became known, Apple reacted. The certificates of the developer accounts used to sign the malware packages have been removed.
A 21-year-old man was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop. The man from Eritrea then wanted to evade control and physically attacked the two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him.
Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. The company donates part to the SOS Children's Village. The industry association Gastrosuisse did not want to comment on crowdfunding when asked by 20 minutes.
On Sunday, thousands of people took to the streets in Lausanne. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) recently spoke up on Facebook. He described himself as a "bad guy" on his Facebook page. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrates his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, circumcision of boys has been officially banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. "From a purely objective point of view" one could regard a boy's circumcision as "simple bodily harm". However, since the state is officially only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel chips are celebrating the European Championship with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer.
A father and his wife have been sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs after they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for 30 days during the corona pandemic. Now the verdict is here. As the "Freiburger Nachrichten" (paid article) reports, the police judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. In addition, the couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120. The judge argued that there was never an immediate, concrete and unavoidable danger to the life and limb of the then pregnant wife and the unborn baby. As the judge further stated, the parents were not entitled to keep their daughter away from school. In addition, they would have put their own well-being above the well-being of others because they would have constantly overworked the teacher.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. He is also the second most dangerous Swiss footballer this year.
The lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers. Consumers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for publishing two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law.
"Domina" is an international drama series that will be shown on June 3rd. The series will be shot in Switzerland.
In the Austrian National Council, Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
A mentally ill man set a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. He was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. The man has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
Ermedin Demirovic (22) scores goals and sets up assists in the Bundesliga. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements. He has scored three goals so far and prepared seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. The reason for this is that she had had Bowser for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki Phillippi uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A man in Sri Lanka has found a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday. In the meantime, the village has been drained again with pumps.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspects. They are allegedly employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Mallorca is on the quarantine list. The Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer. The fact that Mallorca is on the quarantine list is important for W. Incomprehensible. "Mallorca is a hundred times safer than Switzerland," he says.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". The "New York Times" writes in a detailed article.
The thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That's why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
The luxury playhouses for children are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse in St. Gallen. A 19-year-old driver drove in the Mercedes. He drove at a maximum speed and violated various traffic rules. The police were able to determine who caused the accident. Investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. The road traffic office is informed. The teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was shot, condemns the act in the strongest possible terms.
Jeff Bridges announced his cancer diagnosis in October. Now he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. "I'm feeling good, balding and a new puppy," wrote the "The Big Lebowski" star along with the picture in December. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there. The goal is that the hall can be used again without restrictions after the summer holidays at the latest.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on the festival's social media channels. In the posts, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. Over the past few days, the Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," said Gnägi.
A road rescue course was held in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well".
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG complains about the noise in his apartment. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
A woman posted on Facebook a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. The reactions to her post were not long in coming. Strähl has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has a glam room in her bedroom. It's a work of art by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. "I'm pretty sure these are the dimensions of Tracey's ex-boyfriend's penis," explains the homeowner, "and the message at the end is for his new girlfriend: 'Glad to hear you're a happy girl.' Because he's got a really big penis, I suppose." Alright cool. She has placed such structures around the stacks of books in front of her bed. "I don't know what exactly those copper energy rings are for, but I also have some on my lights and around my water bottle and I'm comfortable around them." She apparently hid the dream catcher, the rose quartz and the glasses full of her own urine in the closet before the shoot.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
In the run-up to the US presidential election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked on Twitter and Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Rapper Cardi B (28) takes on Peppa Pig on Twitter. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
It is not yet possible to estimate the long-term consequences of an infection with the novel corona virus. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. In the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness should draw attention to. Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta (and also called Stefani in the documentary), reflects: "I was only 19 years old and I was working in the (music) industry. A producer asked me to undress ". When her answer was "no", the terrible act happened that will probably accompany the singer for the rest of her life. He threatened to burn all of her music.
The 27-year-old Nina Christen has won her bronze medal in the three-position final. The 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard. The bronze medal came as a surprise, it stirred a lot in the 27-year-old. In her home town of Wolfenschiessen, things must not have calmed down after her gold medal.
More than a million new cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th, even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. The expansion of the test strategy is associated with certain risks, because each test result is only a snapshot. The cost of expanding the testing strategy for 2021 is estimated to be over one billion francs. The Federal Council will make a final decision on March 12 after consulting the cantons.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone.
The film "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Director Frederike Migom is fascinated by courageous characters, especially children who fight for what is due to them: "They have a voice that deserves to be heard - if only someone would hand them the microphone," she explains in a press statement. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like.
In the current episode "Fernweh" you can hear what Ennie experienced at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday in Argentina. Thousands of people gathered at the stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. The Argentine government ordered three days of national mourning.
The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
In the annual table for 2021, FC Basel is second to last in this ranking. FCB was able to win a total of ten points in nine games this year. Bottom is the other big crisis club - FC Sion. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. The annual table 2021 1. YB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old boy from Kabul, Afghan, is now a big fan of Lionel Messi. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. The family had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country.
The dating app Tinder has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases: "We have located sources of infection at work, at private parties, among young people, but also among people returning from trips". The contact tracers found the routes of infection.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee of the parcel service Fedex has been arrested in Indianapolis. The police have confirmed the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle. Hole took his own life before confronting the police. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The Federal Council estimated the R value for December 4th at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid-19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
In Zurich, a 29-year-old man was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday evening, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team. You can also apply without our blessing and a fixed starting place, but remember: that would hurt our feelings.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago.
The pesticide initiative could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Two hours later she announced her second album via the Insta profile of Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio, already revealing the album's cover art, titled "Medusa". On Monday evening, the rapper followed up with her own upload (below). It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
A woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. He was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. According to the police, there was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher. "The location was too weak for the bank to use," says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback. According to the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of the British Lloyds Bank, will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS). He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. Experts praise him for his digitization experience.
Pfizer was playing "corrupt games," Donald Trump said at a press conference in the White House on Friday. The president believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Thank you for participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, a 36-year-old employee of the Globegarden daycare center in Allschwil was arrested. He was accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. On the day of his arrest, he took advantage of the fact that he was alone with a dozen children in the daycare dormitory at noon. There he is said to have grabbed the penis of a 4-year-old boy and orally stimulated his genitals.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. The 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you. Since swimming is not an issue for Martullo-Blocher, the moderator would like to know which sport or which hobbies she pursues.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers visitors a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs.
The Queen's London estate is now looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
M.*, a service technician, was caught driving while stoned. The Road Traffic Office orders a precautionary withdrawal of ID. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. FDP Councilor of States Andrea Caroni wants to use a political initiative to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian filmmakers are relocating to the country to film their films. The Australian government has pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. "Filming our show safely in a beautiful country like Australia is a dream come true," the couple said in a statement. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz is worried about his beloved Audi Q5. The car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.The man had to be treated in the hospital, but has now been called up for investigations.
Mike was a parasite. He stole from her. Serena is single and childless. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. The story takes place in summery New York, and the focus is on the bodega owner Usnavi (Anthony Ramos). He saves as much as he can to make his wish come true: Usnavi dreams of a better life in his homeland, the Dominican Republic. Who would want to live next to the stinking Olchis? Nobody - that's why the search for a new home is difficult for Mama (voiced by Annemarie Carpendale) and Papa Olchi (Wayne Carpendale). But when the family dragon Firechair crashes, they and their children end up in a garbage dump - the ideal home where they work on a machine designed to neutralize the smell of garbage.
A new online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. The ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder (CSU) has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The Free State, headed by the CSU Prime Minister, is following a strict course in the fight against the corona virus. Söder had pushed the tests on the highways and at train stations And so the criticism of his person and the government was not long in coming. Ludwig Hartmann, the leader of the Greens in the state parliament, spoke of "blatant government failure" and FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen tweeted: "Söder's staging as a corona model student is increasingly getting cracks".
The 16 Bernese who were evicted during the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern police director is anything but happy about the outcome of the process.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
The Polish construction workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The government of Mauritius has failed completely. Measures should have been taken much earlier, says Valeria Ivic (22). The Swiss emigrated to Mauritius almost two years ago. She, other residents of the island and several environmental organizations have sharply criticized the Mauritius authorities. Because: the state did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground. "I cannot explain why nothing was done. Perhaps the danger was not taken seriously enough," says the real estate agent.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
On Tuesday, Gwyneth Paltrow promoted her book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. She is following the doctor's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day. The director of the English health service NHS intervened: Professor Stephen Powis told the BBC that "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend". In the case of a corona infection, the advice of "serious science" should be followed, according to Powis.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting.
The Swiss Supreme Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register.
Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the safety bladder.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a goalie in a ice hockey goal. He's trained for the Tokyo Olympics. Here's how he trains: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and relax".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. The police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute. The defusers also had a transport container for dangerous objects with them. However, the search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
A new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In many shops, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m., as Hanspeter Krüsi, spokesman for the St. Gallen canton police, confirmed a report from nau.ch. It was a self-accident. No other vehicles were involved. Army spokeswoman Delphine Allemand confirmed the accident on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her final resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking Swiss has had enough of top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. During her career, Bacsinszky won the WTA titles in Luxembourg (2009), Acapulco and Monterrey (both Mexico 2015) and Rabat (Morocco 2016). She also won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. According to the response from the Bern government council, which was only published a few weeks ago, the Kapo is aware of individual employees who made racist and right-wing extremist statements on social media.