I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is actually exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings. And that insecurity is also the reason I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding.
GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their origins. She has tried to do a DNA test, but the results aren't 100% reliable. "It hurts that I don't know where i come from I try to accept it. But a part of me will always be missing." She has never felt like a stranger in the family, says GC. The bond with her mother is much stronger than that with her father. The father never really talks about how she came about.
In Switzerland, household helpers receive 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation on social media. Customers are not reimbursed for services not used during the shutdown, but they can extend their subscriptions. Clever-Fit's managing director says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The aim of the regulation is to spread the financial damage caused by the pandemic over a longer period of time. "That makes it manageable for us." However, the regulation of the fitness studio contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations. That is not the case with Clever-Fit, says Babette Sigg, President of the Swiss Consumer Forum: "This means that the customer can insist on being reimbursed for the service not used due to the lockdown".
Kanye West (43) has been photographed with Irina Shayk (35) with his wedding ring. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
After the death of Albert Spirig, the carousel horse was found in the workshop. Now the Spirig family wants to find the owner. The only thing they knew about the owner was that it was a woman.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
German private broadcaster RTL reported last Sunday that the flood area in Germany had clean-up work. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. A media spokeswoman told the newspaper as follows: "Our reporter's actions clearly contradict journalistic principles and our own standards. We therefore gave her leave on Monday immediately after we found out about it." Susanne Ohlen has been working for the station since 2008 and has moderated the program "Guten Morgen, Deutschland" among other things. Cases where live reporters exaggerate are more common during severe weather. Unforgotten is the case of a storm reporter in the USA, who allegedly fought the wind with all his strength while people calmly walked past behind him.
JBS from Brazil has become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved. JBS initially did not give any further details. According to the US government, the hackers demanded a ransom.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur will face off against each other in the Swiss Cup on Tuesday evening. The match will be live from 8:15 p.m., live from 8:15 p.m.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday.
The so-called Silver Sparrow is causing a stir in security circles. The IT experts discovered the new type of malware on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea was caught on Friday in a bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop. The man from Eritrea then wanted to evade control and physically attacked the two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed.
The Federal Council will decide on this on Wednesday. The Gastrosuisse association is trembling at the decision and is therefore appearing before the media on Tuesday with an appeal to politicians. Crowdfunding already took place in the spring during the lockdown, as crowdfunding expert Andreas Dietrich from the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts explains. "Various - mainly small - businesses and also restaurants and artists were financially supported in this way".
Several thousand people took to the streets in Lausanne on Sunday afternoon. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) has been criticized on social media for his corona measures. The comedian recently spoke up in a comment on Facebook. "I would be interested to know why I'm a bad guy?" asked the comedian.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Scientists in France have come out of a cave in the Pyrenees after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed. Hirschi was allowed to put on the white jersey of the best young professional. The drivers have to dress themselves this year because of Corona.
Ryan Garcia has already won his 21st fight in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Luke Campbell. Finally, Ryan Garcia's second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, circumcision of boys has been officially banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. "From a purely objective point of view" one could regard a boy's circumcision as "simple bodily harm". However, since the state is only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit.
Zweifel chips will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. But not everyone is so harsh on the new Zweifel chips: "The bacon and egg chips taste a bit like sulphur, but they're not bad," says Ken, 33, in a 20-minute street poll.
Because they took their daughter out of school during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs - "We are guilty in the sense that we violated compulsory schooling, but we found the amount of the fine to be inappropriate," said the father to 20 minutes. After all, the daughter was not taken out of school without reason, but because the mother was pregnant. Now the verdict is here.
Cephas Malele scored 18 goals this season. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. The 27-year-old is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy is now locked. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop. There they select their products and determine the branch for the pick-up.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
The twin sister of Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. Both books tell about the everyday life of a child, one with two mothers and one with two fathers, writes "ABC News".
"Domina" is a Swiss drama series. It's a comedy about a young actress who has gone on stage as an actress. The series is set in Switzerland.
In the Austrian National Council on Thursday, Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick". Among other things, two Somali children from Bern are said to be among the victims of the 38-year-old.
The Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) has a targeted vaccination rate of 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity. FDP National Councilor Christian Wasserfallen is less convinced of the vaccination rate.
The Swiss Covid app is available in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another rock fall occurred in Raron on Saturday. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
A mentally ill man from Bern set up a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man was paranoid. He had been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer. The verdict comes on Friday.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
Ermedin Demirovic (22) has scored three goals in the Bundesliga this season. He also scored two goals and set up two more. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench.
On July 2nd, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters.
The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. In the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected.
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. If the temperatures do not drop at night either, this is extremely tiring for the human body because it cannot recover.
A 75-year-old driver drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information in order to obtain a Covid loan he was not entitled to.
The Baselbiet restaurant owner has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Youtuber Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. The reason for the anger and rejection of her followers is the way the couple justifies the action, in which the video even laughs sheepishly at the beginning and uploads photos to Instagram.
A huge pile of sapphires is found in Sri Lanka. It is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world. It took more than a year to free the rock from impurities and mud enough to be able to analyze and estimate the find at all. During the cleaning, stones kept falling out of the heap, which were high-quality sapphires. Gem expert Gamini Zoysa told the BBC: "I've never seen a specimen that big. This chunk was probably formed around 400 million years ago". Not only the find itself is exceptional, but also the quality.
Three strangers hitting a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan in Central Java province were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspected thieves. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app. After the first update for the app, a new note appeared in the description in the app stores. Since then, it has been stated that the use of the app is only "intended and permitted" for groups invited by the BAG to the pilot phase, including members of the army, employees of universities and employees of cantonal administrations. And further: “In the event of a positive Covid 19 test, canton doctors are not allowed to generate a Covid code for the notification from the app for unauthorized users”.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the quarantine list on Tuesday. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. The quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer. In Ibiza, masks are mandatory almost everywhere, according to N. "In all shops you have to disinfect your hands before entering. The menu is only available as a QR code or on the blackboard". She also mentions that discos and music bars are closed and smoking is prohibited.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general".
The thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
The army is starting a Covid vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated". The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
The luxury playhouses for children are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression. "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel. There, too, people remain silent: Georges-André Lozouet, media spokesman for the Neuchâtel cantonal police, cannot reveal how many police officers will be on site due to the strategic planning. "However, the demonstration has been approved by the city," says Lozouet. The "Freiheitstrychler" movement was also announced for Saturday in Neuchâtel. The Aargau cantonal police confiscated some of their bells, for which the "freedom trychlers" are known, at the Corona demonstration two weeks ago in Aarau.
From Monday, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, a 19-year-old driver drove in a Mercedes and crashed. The driver fled. The accident resulted in damage of around one hundred thousand francs. The car owner is very disappointed in the 19-year-old. Investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. Once these are completed, the case goes to the prosecutor's office. The road traffic office is informed. The teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The act was clearly malicious. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area condemns the act in the strongest possible terms and do not regard it as a rascal prank, says Mario Davatz on request.
Jeff Bridges announced the shocking news of his cancer in October, and now the 71-year-old has shared positive news: on his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. The building department will now check this as quickly as possible and carry out the necessary analyses. The goal is that the hall can be used again without restrictions after the summer holidays at the latest.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on the festival's social media channels. In the posts, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues. The message from the organizers of the popular open air is direct and clear.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of low-sulphur oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. Over the past few days, the Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian uploaded a funny video to Insta. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun was on fire on Monday. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," said Gnägi.
A road rescue course in Frauenfeld, Switzerland was held last week. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well". The implementation was logistically a major challenge. Among other things, a crane was also used to position the vehicles.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
Andrea Strähl from Basel has posted on Facebook a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. She assumes that the welfare of the child is endangered. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. Simply saying nothing is not a solution either," she says. The Basel-Stadt police confirmed to the "Baz" (Payment article) that in isolated cases underage beggars are out and about in Basel. "Since around Easter, the cantonal police in Basel-Stadt have noticed an increasing number of individual cases of children aged 15 or younger in connection with begging," she writes. In doing so, she assumes that the welfare of the child is endangered.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has a make-up room that she's not allowed to enter. It's a work of art by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. Traveling to other dimensions would be so much nicer, pfff. Yeah, sure, you certainly didn't prepare it that way before the camera crew arrived, logo. Things we didn't know existed because a) we live in a tiny apartment where even a single bed doesn't fit and b) we're incredibly uncultivated, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
Social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook have been accusing the big social media companies of suppressing the voice of Trump supporters, which has become a breeding ground for supporters of the QAnon conspiracy movement. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas. Similarly, posts claiming that the US presidential election involved fraud and that the actual winner of the election was not Joe Biden but Donald Trump. A petition is openly called for on Parler, collecting signatures to launch an investigation into the matter. In fact, the hashtag #StopTheSteal has become one of the most used hashtags on Parler on Thursday with more than 100,000 posts, as reported by Spiegel.de. However, not everything is legal on Parler either. The terms of use state that you While we do not curate users' feeds as we do not pretend to be qualified to do so, we will not condone crimes, civil torts, or any other illegal activity, and do not share posts on behalf of terrorist organizations, child pornography, or copyright infringement.
Rapper Cardi B (28) takes on Peppa Pig on Twitter. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
It is not yet possible to estimate the long-term consequences of an infection with the novel corona virus. We simply haven't known the virus long enough for that. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis, Tennessee. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Singer Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See".
Nina Christen is involved in the three-position final right from the start. After the kneeling series of five, the 27-year-old is on course for a medal, although it is her weakest sub-discipline. When lying down, the woman from Nidwalden falls back a bit, but still has everything in her own hands before the decision is made.
More than a million new cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council has proposed that the federal government assume all costs for all rapid tests in pharmacies and test centers. This rule also applies to cross-border commuters. The expansion of the test strategy is associated with certain risks, because each test result is only a snapshot. The cost of expanding the testing strategy for 2021 is estimated to be over one billion francs. The Federal Council will make a final decision on March 12 after consulting the cantons.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Then he returned home. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. Then he threw it away. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
"Binti" is a documentary about a young girl who wants to become a YouTube star. The eleven-year-old is committed to ensuring that okapis are saved from extinction - together with Binti, the topic becomes the focus of their YouTube channel, which soon has more than a thousand subscribers. Director Frederike Migom is fascinated by courageous characters, especially children who fight for what is due to them. "They have a voice that deserves to be heard - if only someone would hand them the microphone," she explains in a press statement.
In the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
The death of Diego Maradona is a sad day for Argentina. Thousands gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. The Argentine government ordered three days of national mourning.
Halloween parties are being cancelled in Switzerland because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. The Federal Council recommends avoiding such events if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus.
In the annual table for 2021, the FCB is second to last. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. Bottom is the other big crisis club - FC Sion. It gets really tight behind the first three. The annual table 2021 1. YB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people.
Murtaza Ahmadi is a nine-year-old Afghan boy who has never played football in his homeland. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza's family had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The Argentine got wind of the story though, allowing Murtaza to meet his idol in Doha a few months later.
In the run-up to Valentine's Day, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love. You can find the questions in the photo gallery. By means of individual settings, each user can decide how they want to use Tinder's video function. According to Tinder, you don't have to worry about unwanted calls.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The canton doctors warned of caution when traveling abroad, says Hauri. According to Health Minister Alain Berset, the federal government is monitoring developments very closely. Stefan Kuster from the Federal Office of Public Health confirmed a “slight increase” in the number of infections on Wednesday.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
The attacker who shot eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis is a 19-year-old ex-employee. The police in the US city announced on Friday the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among the highlights.
The estimated R value for December 4th caused a great deal of confusion. The Federal Council had based its decisions on the new measures in the fight against the corona virus on an excessive number of reproductions. For December 4th, ETH estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
In Zurich, a 29-year-old boy was stabbed to death by a drug addict. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday evening, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter from Markus Grosi in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
Ethiopia's People's Liberation Front (TPLF) has declared the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. Make a bold mark on your calendar for Sunday, September 19 - whether you want to compete yourself or applaud the chord crash landings from the shore. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden will run for re-election in the 2024 election. The 78-year-old Democrat has so far left open whether he wants to run again after his defeat by Biden last November. To this day, Trump complains that he was deprived of his election victory through fraud. He has not presented any evidence of this. The Trump camp has failed with dozens of lawsuits in different state courts against the results of the election.
The pesticide initiative in Switzerland could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. "If these agents are banned according to the pesticide initiative, food safety in Switzerland will decrease and food-borne illnesses can increase," he says. Lorenz Hirt, director of the food industry association Fial, shares these concerns.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape at 10.30 a.m., during which the positive and negative sides of slate quarrying will be explained. At the same time there is a guided tour through the Gandwald forest reserve on the other side of the valley.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The system relieves the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. She announced her second album on Monday evening. The new album will be released on December 11th. Critics have reacted negatively to the news.
A woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. He was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. According to the police, there was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years to be necessary to plug the federal coffers. The National Bank should not be allowed to pay the state's debts. However, the finance minister reassured: "There is no need to panic, employment and the economy will recover".
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser is proud of his son, who successfully completed his apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. Horta-Osório is a top manager who, with over 30 years of experience, covers all important business areas of CS: The private customer business, because he comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011. He is familiar with investment banking from his work at Goldman Sachs and has gained experience abroad, for example in South America for the Spanish bank Santander. Experts praise him for his digitization experience.
Donald Trump said Pfizer waited until after the election to announce it had developed a coronavirus vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were stolen from tractors in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Thank you for participating!
A woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a drunk driver hit her with his car. The woman was thrown about ten meters into the oncoming lane and remained there with severe head injuries. After the accident, the drunk driver drove another 73 meters before he brought his small car to a stop and stopped on the right-hand side. Six hours after the man hit the woman with his car, she died in the hospital. The public prosecutor's office convicted the driver of negligent homicide and "driving a motor vehicle in an unfit condition".
A former day care worker was arrested in Allschwil when he "crossed borders in the sexual area". The accused is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. On the day of his arrest, he took advantage of the fact that he was alone with a dozen children in the daycare dormitory at noon. There he is said to have grabbed the penis of a 4-year-old boy and also orally stimulated his genitals.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. The 51-year-old is known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you. Since swimming is not an issue for Martullo-Blocher, the moderator would like to know which sport or which hobbies she pursues. With a smile on her face, Martullo-Blocher replies that although she doesn't do enough sport, she still likes to dance and still enjoys doing it.
The floating bed is an opportunity for visitors to experience something unique. In bad weather, guests can fall back on a canopy. If the weather doesn't allow it, you can stay in a private room with a double bed, which is located above a goat pen. There are already two bookings for the outdoor bed. Reservations are possible from June to the end of August. If the experience goes down well, people consider repeating the campaign next year.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom.
The Queen's London estate is now looking for a head gardener. The royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
M.*, as a service engineer, drives a car every day. He never posed a danger to road traffic. The Road Traffic Office orders a precautionary withdrawal of his driver's license. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. Caroni says he had previously clarified this with the Federal Roads Office. The Roadcross organization, on the other hand, has concerns: "We are definitely in favor of people who are affected by a driver's license withdrawal being given a fair process and having the opportunity to defend themselves," says media spokesman Mike Egle. What must not happen, however, is that people whose driver's license is revoked are given a "loophole": "It must be ensured that people whose license is revoked are not on the road again before the final decision is made."
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final? At first glance, the central Swiss seem to be the clear favourites.
Half of Hollywood is currently in Australia and it seems that the showbiz hotspot is shifting to Down Under, at least temporarily. The ongoing shooting for the upcoming fourth part of the "Thor" series in Centennial National Park near Sydney brings some of the biggest names with Natalie Portman (39), Matt Damon (50), Chris Pratt (41) and Christian Bale (47). Hollywood's to Australia. Chris Hemsworth (37), aka Thor himself, was already there as a native Australian.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh is still supplying its coconuts to farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday, news scout Toni Kurz drove to work and parked his Audi Q5 in the parking lot. He was shocked when the lights went on for the Oberlander - and his mind darkened. "I felt like I was in the wrong movie". The 27-year-old immediately alerted Kapo Bern: "I've only had the Audi Q5 for two years. The new value of the car was around CHF 100,000." can be reported.
Mike was a parasite. He stole from her. Serena is single and childless. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"Who we were" tells the story of how things are with our planet. The documentary illuminates how sustainable, positive change works can and looks to the future: What will future societies think about us? The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. Léa (Bérénice Bejo), Marc (Vincent Cassel), Karine (Florence Foresti) and Francis (François Damiens) share a long friendship: the two couples have known each other for years and the group dynamic works perfectly. But when the family dragon Firechair crashes, they and their children end up in a garbage dump.
A new online tool can generate ads if you want to reimburse someone who sent you an unsolicited penis picture. It is stored there how many advertisements are created from which cantons. Personal data is not stored, writes the club. Most advertisements were generated in Zurich (211). This is followed by Vaud (197) and Basel-Stadt (89). The tool was used 76 times in Zug and 56 times in Lucerne. No verdicts have been made yet, but there is a logical reason for this: "Such processes take several months". She goes on to say: "We stabbed a wasp's nest. Everyone knows it, but you don't talk about it openly. With such an unconventional project you can finally wash the dirt to the surface". She pointed out to Zentralplus that it was crazy how many women were affected and how great the need was to fight back.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the Corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder canceled a trip to the North Sea on Wednesday. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend.
The 16 Bernese who were evicted during the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern police director is anything but happy about the outcome of the process.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"Three x Three" is the second season of the "Morning Show" podcast series. The hosts are back in the direct stream. The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
At the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) in Basel-Stadt, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours.
The government has failed completely. Measures should have been taken much earlier, says Valeria Ivic (22). The Swiss emigrated to Mauritius almost two years ago. She, other residents of the island and several environmental organizations have sharply criticized the Mauritius authorities. Because: the state did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. The SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains. If you don't want to gamble on whether you can still get a seat on the extra train at Easter, the SBB advises: "Seat reservations are possible".
The canton of Lucerne has received over 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently promoted her book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. She is now following the doctor's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day. The director of the English health service NHS intervened: "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend".
"You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland has negotiated a framework agreement with the European Union (EU) for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Switzerland tried unsuccessfully to find an exception clause in order not to have to adopt the directive.
A Swiss court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!" Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted. However, the responsible department rejected the request to delete the gender entry.
Just seconds after the start, Grosjean went off the track and crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. Suddenly a fireball spread. After anxious seconds of waiting, however, Grosjean got out of the car and was able to save himself from the fire inferno.
The Romanian van driver was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) to check goods, people and means of transport depending on the situation and risk. The FCA is currently in a transformation phase towards the Federal Office of Customs and Border Security (BAZG). This creates a new job description and the training in the three control areas is standardized. In future, the FCA will be in an even better position to ensure comprehensive security for the population, business and state at the border.
Max Heinzer is a ice hockey goalie. He trains like this every day. He is training for the Tokyo Olympics, which he hopes will be even more special than the previous Olympics.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. The search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
"Money Heist" is the new Netflix series from Álex Pina and Esther Martínez Lobato, who are behind the hit Netflix series "Money Heist". "We spend our nights on a red faux leather sofa trying to look pretty enough for some nasty guys to sleep with us," says Coral (Verónica Sánchez). Like Wendy (Lali Espósito) and Gina (Yany Prado), she works at the Las Novias brothel. Gina is a victim of human trafficking, she was flown from Cuba to Spain because she was promised a job as a waitress - but when she arrived in Tenerife she was forced to do sex work killed in self-defense.
In some shops of major retailers, the reception of mobile phones is poor. In other stores, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking Swiss has had enough of playing top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. "Thank you for the hard moments, the tears, the doubts, but also the training you gave me," she wrote.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day. Reader NS* (27): "I contracted genital herpes during unprotected anal sex with my new partner. He didn't know beforehand that he was infected because he had no symptoms himself. Suddenly I had painful blisters and small open wounds in my genitals - and anal area - it was bad. The first outbreak is usually the most extreme and lasted almost a whole month for me. Once you have contracted the infection, you never completely get rid of the infection. You can measure the extent of the outbreaks with help to some extent under control of drugs, but unfortunately cannot completely prevent them".
Björn Kuipers is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert. It is the second international final for Kuipers. In 2014 he officiated the final in the Champions League.
I met a woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder. But I haven't thought about it yet and told my date that I should slowly go back to go to the toilet at my house. Easy peasy.
Some Bernese police officers were warned about racist posts on Facebook and Twitter. The Bern police corps made negative headlines last week. According to the response from the Bern government council, the Kapo is aware of individual employees who made racist and right-wing extremist statements on social media. However, there can hardly be any talk of a mass problem - because the cantonal police in Bern employ around 2,500 police officers. At the end of 2019, an interpellation on right-wing extremist tendencies was submitted to the Bern Corps in the cantonal parliament. The reason was the question of whether such structures exist within the police force.