I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. I'm insecure about my feelings. And that insecurity is also the reason I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
GC is aware that it will be difficult for her to ever meet her biological father. "Of course there is the possibility to do a DNA test, but I'm not sure if that's the right way". Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs. If a match is found, for example because a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way What's stopping GC from doing a DNA test? "The tests aren't 100% reliable either. I definitely don't want to get bogged down in something just to be disappointed. For example, if a supposed parentage turns out to be wrong."
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour.
Clever-Fit's regulation contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations. According to Clever-Fit, a loss must be reimbursed if the promised service cannot be provided and the terms and conditions do not provide for any other regulation. The consumer forum does not support this approach, says Babette Sigg, President of the Swiss Consumer Forum: "This means that the customer can insist on being reimbursed for the service not used due to the lockdown".
Kanye West has been photographed with Irina Shayk (35). The rapper and the model are said to have dined together in the restaurant where they are photographed. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved. In 2010, Irina had a guest appearance in Kanye's video for the song "Famous", two years later she walked the catwalk for his fashion label at Paris Fashion Week.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
Susanna Ohlen reported last Sunday from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. JBS informed the US government about the attack on Sunday. The Brazilian company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack.
Switzerland has three qualifying places for the newly created Europa Conference League. There, the runner-up and the third in the table of the Super League as well as the cup winner all have to play in the second qualifying round. A total of three rounds must then be survived in order to make it into the group phase.
Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. Davide Callà: We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day. To be honest, one has to say that Thun was not in the form after the winter break and FC St. Gallen was not as strong as it was in the third and fourth quarters of the championship. We were in good spirits at the end of the season and would have liked to have continued playing, but then the break came.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
The so-called Silver Sparrow is causing a stir in security circles. The malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. Hotspots are the USA, Great Britain, Canada, France and Germany. The security researchers are still trying to understand what the malware can do. Because so far, Silver Sparrow has been comparable to a sleeper cell - i.e. inactive. Once an hour, however, the infected Macs target a control server to see whether it There are commands to be executed. The malware could take action once certain conditions are met.
On Friday, a 21-year-old man was caught in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop.
The Federal Council will decide on this on Wednesday. The Gastrosuisse association is trembling at the decision and is therefore appearing before the media on Tuesday with an appeal to politicians. "The uncertainty is great, many companies don't know how to proceed," says Andreas Krumes, CEO of Best of Swiss Gastro. Crowdfunding is now supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. "People should go on a culinary voyage of discovery, and the pubs will get new guests," explains Krumes.
On Sunday afternoon, thousands of people took to the streets in Lausanne. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Marco Rima (59) has been criticized on social media for his corona measures. The comedian was criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted. Nevertheless, testing will continue.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon fly with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A road accident that killed five children shakes France. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries. An investigation into the incident has been launched.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrates his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
A Swiss doctor routinely performs circumcisions for religious reasons. He is not circumcised by doctors at all, but by religious men in a private setting. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. "People turn a blind eye to violence against men - wrongly so. This is ignored and taboo," says Christoph Geissbühler, Managing Director of Pro Children's Rights Switzerland. For Geissbühler it is clear: "Amputating a child's genital body part without medical urgency is a criminal offence". That's why Geissbühler sued a Swiss doctor who routinely performs circumcisions.
Zweifel is celebrating the football games of the European Championship with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July.
A father and his wife were sentenced to 3,000 francs fine for taking their nine-year-old daughter out of school during the corona pandemic. Now the verdict is here. As the "Freiburger Nachrichten" (paid article) reports, the police judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. In addition, the couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120. The judge argued that there was never an immediate, concrete and unavoidable danger to the life and limb of the then pregnant wife and the unborn baby. As the judge further stated, the parents were not entitled to keep their daughter away from school. In addition, they would have put their own well-being above the well-being of others because they would have constantly overworked the teacher. The fault is therefore not insignificant.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021. He has scored 18 goals this season and is the second most dangerous Swiss footballer this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has been locked since mid-September. Consumers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
Two children's books about rainbow families have been fined in Hungary. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations. The law, which was pushed by the right-wing nationalist government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, had been massively criticized abroad.
"Domina" is the first Swiss drama series to start on June 3rd. It's the first one to be shot in Switzerland. "Domina" is the first series to be shot in Switzerland.
Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in Austria. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old.
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. This also includes everyone who has already contracted Covid, which applies to around 700,000 Swiss people.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. The area remained closed until at least Sunday noon. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
Kanye West visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. The Swiss writer and songwriter got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. The two played a board game together. "The game is a collapsible travel version of 'Kalaha'," says Bardill.
A mentally ill man sets fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man is accused of having paranoid schizophrenia. He has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer. The verdict comes on Friday.
Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
Ermedin Demirovic scores goals and sets up assists. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker has scored three goals so far and scored seven goals in the Bundesliga this season. He's done with the subject and doesn't want to talk about it anymore. "I always try to score as many goals and set up as many goals as possible. I always had this motto at St. Gallen." The German-Bosnian's motto seems to be working. After all, he also hit the ground running in St. Gallen last season.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far.
Around 20 demonstrators gathered in Zurich on International Women's Day. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. "We are tired of experiencing violence on a daily basis, even as we stand up against violence against ourselves," writes the "Feminist Strike Collective" on social media.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
This year's Digital Days will take place in Switzerland. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
A Baselbiet restaurant host has received death threats over the phone. The host says he doesn't hate anyone who doesn't want to be vaccinated. But if you say, conversely, that you think the vaccination is good, it means that you want a dictatorship and don't know what. He removed the post from Facebook on Thursday afternoon. So far, exponents from politics and science in particular have become the target of opponents of vaccination and corona measures. Across from 20 minutes, several prominent epidemiologists and politicians reported that they had received death threats.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. The reason for this is that she had had Bowser for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki Phillippi uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A huge pile of sapphires is found in Sri Lanka. It is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station in Aargau. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said. The paint was not disposed of intentionally, authorities said.
The police have arrested three suspects in Konstanz (D). The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands have been put on the quarantine list for ten days. The measures are much more lax than in Switzerland. The quarantine obligation is now threatening to put E.S.* on the palm. On August 7th, he flew to Albania to take care of administrative matters concerning his recently deceased father. With his return flight booked for Friday, he would almost fall into the quarantine obligation. "A rebooking is too expensive", says the 29-year-old. The quarantine is now threatening to block his remaining administrative work in Switzerland.
Thiam, the former CEO of Credit Suisse, is said to have had racist incidents at the party of Urs Rohner last November. Thiam is said to have apologized for this scene and then left the room. Some of his companions would have done the same. But that shouldn't be all. Thiam is also said to have experienced racism in everyday life in Switzerland. On a business trip from Zurich to Geneva, a customs officer asked him to show his passport. Thiam protested and pointed out that this was not necessary when traveling within Switzerland. He was only able to leave the airport after presenting his passport.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores. On request, Jumbo reports that dehumidifiers are currently selling 214 percent better than in the same period last year. For many Galaxus customers, the flood was probably already in the basement.
The 21-year-old Ella Emhoff is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
In France, luxury playhouses for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, the parents have to dig deep into their wallets. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression. "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel. There, too, people remain silent: Georges-André Lozouet, media spokesman for the Neuchâtel cantonal police, cannot reveal how many police officers will be on site due to the strategic planning. The "Silent Protest" association drew attention to 20 minutes that all the rallies it had organized had been approved. These include the protest marches in Zug, Wohlen, Chur, Liestal Neuenburg and Neuenburg.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse in St. Gallen. A 19-year-old driver drove in the Mercedes. He drove at a maximum speed and violated various traffic rules. The police were able to determine who caused the accident. Investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. The road traffic office is informed. The teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash. Other factors contributed to the occurrence of the accident:
A video on Tiktok has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was filmed, condemns the act as a rascal prank. Because the behavior of winter sports enthusiasts is forbidden "according to the Passenger Transport Act". It says: "On request, anyone who intentionally gets on a vehicle while driving, leaves it, opens the door" or "throws objects out of a vehicle" will be fined. MK did not want to comment on his video when asked for 20 minutes. In the comments on Tiktok, he downplays the danger of the stunt.
Jeff Bridges has announced that his cancer tumor is regressing. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, wrote of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. "I'm feeling good, balding and a new puppy," wrote the "The Big Lebowski" star along with the picture in December. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
A crack in the ceiling of the cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen has caused a blocking. The parliamentary groups have held their meetings there. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. The parliamentary group president says: "I don't have the feeling that the ceiling is about to collapse, but I'm worried." These concerns relate to renovation work. Because Götte believes that if renovation work were to be necessary, this would be associated with high costs. The whole building and in particular the hall are classified as historical monuments.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on the festival's social media channels. The organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes.
On July 25, a freighter ran aground off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident. According to information from the "Marinelink" shipping platform, the ship named Wakashio crashed in a "sensitive area" east of Mauritius. The Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
On Tuesday, Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Two thirds of adults aged 16 and over in Switzerland have been vaccinated at least once. In recent weeks, however, the vaccination campaign has lost momentum, and the number of daily doses has now fallen to the April level. Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun was set on fire on Monday. It is already the third case that has been set on fire within days. The police are sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says police spokesman Christoph Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place in Frauenfeld on April 28th and 29th. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade.
The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber from Widnau SG wants to know why the canton renovated the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house instead of asphalt. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period.
A woman on Facebook posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. The reactions to her post were not long in coming. Strähl has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has created a work of art that she says it makes her feel good. The work of art by Englishwoman Tracey Emin hangs in the anteroom of her bedroom. "I'm pretty sure these are the dimensions of Tracey's ex-boyfriend's penis," explains the homeowner, "and the message at the end is for his new girlfriend: 'Glad to hear you're a happy girl.' Because he's got a really big penis, I suppose." Alright cool. She has placed such structures around the stacks of books in front of her bed.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
The Green Liberals (GLP) submitted a demand for "marriage for all" in the National Council. In December 2020, Parliament passed the bill. It would give all couples, regardless of gender, the same rights. Same-sex couples could then get married. Heterosexual couples could also enter into a registered partnership. What's next? A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery on Monday.
On social media platform Parler, supporters of the QAnon conspiracy movement have been repeatedly blocked on Twitter or Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas. Similarly, posts claiming that the US presidential election involved fraud and that the actual winner of the election was not Joe Biden but Donald Trump. A petition is openly called for on Parler, collecting signatures to launch an investigation into the matter. In fact, the hashtag #StopTheSteal has become one of the most used hashtags on Parler on Thursday with more than 100,000 posts, as reported by Spiegel.de. However, not everything is legal on Parler either. The terms of use state that you will not curate users' feeds as we do not pretend to be qualified to do so, we will not condone crimes, civil torts, or any other illegal activity, and do not share posts on behalf of terrorist organizations, child pornography, or copyright infringement.
Cardi B's daughter Kulture is obsessed with Peppa Pig. She wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. In 78 of the 100 participants aged between 45 and 53, the scientists found inflammatory changes in the heart muscle or the pericardium. This also applies to those patients who had only had a mild course or whose illness was symptom-free and who had previously been healthy and sporty.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested - but when producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See".
Nina Christen is a three-position winner. The 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard. Her home town of Wolfenschiessen, things must not have calmed down after her gold medal.
More than a million new cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples. Participation is voluntary. The cantons should be able to exempt companies that test frequently from the quarantine requirement for contact persons.
A chicken got lost in Wil. Out of sheer excitement, it laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers.
The film "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like.
In the current episode "Fernweh" you can hear what Ennie experienced at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona is dead. His fans gathered in Buenos Aires to say goodbye to their idol. In front of the Bombonera stadium, fans lit candles, laid flowers and hung rosaries. Maradona fan Diego said: "It's a hard blow. He was the greatest player in history. There will never be another like him."
In Switzerland, Halloween parties have been cancelled for fear of the corona virus. The Federal Council advises avoiding such parties if possible because of the rapid spread of the virus.
FC Basel is second to last in the annual table for 2021. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. FC Vaduz has just won two points more than FC Sion in last place. The annual table 2021 1. YB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old boy from Afghanistan, is a big fan of Lionel Messi. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza has now returned to his homeland and is still a big fan.
The Tinder app has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. After a Belgian woman became infected during a skiing holiday in Switzerland, 5,000 Belgians had to be quarantined. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases.
The Blue Cross Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year. As a place of social contact, the educational institutions are enormously important for the psychological and social well-being of young people.
The attacker who shot eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis is a 19-year-old ex-employee. The police in the US city announced on Friday the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcasts. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights. "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together".
The Federal Council has estimated the R value for December 4th at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid 19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. The airport has put up posters and notices to ensure that the Corona measures are observed.
A 29-year-old man was arrested after his mother was stabbed to death. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday evening, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
IDC predicts that global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 at 11 a.m. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. You can apply to sail under our flag by pressing this button: You have until next Sunday, June 20, at 11:59 p.m. Over at Red Bull you'll find all the information you need, as well as the rules for the flight day. You can also apply without our blessing and a fixed starting place, but remember: that would hurt our feelings.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago.
If the pesticide initiative is accepted, food safety in Switzerland will decrease. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail. For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch directly onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile on Monday night. She announced her second album on Monday evening. The new album will be released on December 11th. It is unclear whether Loredana's statement that she was not allowed to say anything actually (only) refers to her new album. It is also conceivable that she means the Petra Z. case.
In Gossau, a woman left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down and crashed into a motorcyclist. The woman suffered undetermined injuries. The driver was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. According to the police, there was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years to be necessary to plugge the Corona crisis into the Swiss coffers. He is against using the National Bank. "There is no reason to claim additional funds from the National Bank. It has another task that is currently underestimated. It has to support the franc exchange rate," he said. The National Bank should not be allowed to pay the state's debts. However, the finance minister reassured: "There is no need to panic, employment and the economy will recover".
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher. "The location was too weak for the bank to use," says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. In Uruguay, Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship. In Europe, the attacker could not prevail. In 2015 he dared to cross the big pond and joined the Spanish club Villarreal.
Reto Moser from Bern has completed his apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber. The 19-year-old is proud of his son's achievements. However, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring. Carrosserie Suisse defends itself against Moser's allegations in a written statement.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho.
Donald Trump believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
A series of GPS devices were stolen from tractors in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Vielen Dank für teilnehmen! Vielen Dank für participating!
In September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a drunk driver drove down the street in his car. The woman was thrown about ten meters into the oncoming lane and remained there with severe head injuries. Six hours after the accident, she died in the hospital.
On December 6, 2019, a 36-year-old employee of the Globegarden daycare center in Allschwil was arrested. He was accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. On the day of his arrest, he took advantage of the fact that he was alone with a dozen children in the daycare dormitory at noon. There he is said to have grabbed the penis of a 4-year-old boy and orally stimulated his genitals.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) is a successful entrepreneur and politician who lives with her husband and three children in Zurich. In an interview with "Tele Züri", she reveals that although she doesn't dance, she still likes to dance on occasions, preferably with her husband: "I'm quite sensitive, for example, if someone doesn't hit the beat or can't lead. Of course, I'm not that easy to lead either and I don't feel like dancing the same figures over and over again." At a Kazakh wedding, her husband and she even won first prize for the best dancing couple. "But maybe it was just out of politeness," she says.
A floating bed on a farm above Fischingen offers a night under the stars. The idea for this came from the son of organic farmer Sepp Schuler. The bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother. Now she's back with new Insta image feed. In a total of six photos, Gigi shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail. With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline.
The Queen's London estate is now looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
The Road Traffic Office wants to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final?
Australian filmmakers are relocating their productions to Australia. Some of the biggest names have already moved to Australia. The Australian government pumped the equivalent of 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. "Filming our show safely in a beautiful country like Australia is a dream come true," the couple said in a statement. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz has a stolen Audi Q5. He parked it in the parking lot. The car was reportedly stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.The man had to be treated in the hospital, but has now been called up for investigations brought to a police station."The details are currently the subject of investigations - such as whether the driver stole the vehicle or why the car went off the road".For news scout Toni Kurz, this does not matter.He is glad that the driver did not have anything Bad things happened." But it also makes me sad about my beautiful and beloved Q5." He has already taken on the paperwork with the insurance company. "In the meantime, my friends will have to chauffeur me. There are worse things".
Mike was a parasite who stole from Serena and her husband. The couple lived together in Switzerland. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst. The documentary illuminates how sustainable, positive change works can and looks to the future: What will future societies think about us? The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016.
Women in Switzerland are sent unsolicited penis pictures. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send. Now it turns out that 1178 ads were generated in the first month, reported the online portal Zentralplus. It is stored there how many advertisements are created from which cantons.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder canceled a trip to the North Sea on Wednesday. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The reason: a massive breakdown in corona tests on Bavarian motorways.
The 16 Bernese who were evicted of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits, as reported by the SRF regional journal. "All the clinics are overcrowded. We have trouble taking in any children," says chief physician Brigitte Contin-Walvogel.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
The Polish construction workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The government of Mauritius has failed completely. The locals took the initiative to get involved. The government did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground. "I cannot explain why nothing was done. Perhaps the danger was not taken seriously enough," says the real estate agent. The local people are dependent on tourism, so the atmosphere is very tense. Because in addition to the oil debacle, "Mauritius" borders are still closed, you only find out about an opening a few days in advance, says the Swiss.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi.
The canton of Lucerne has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. She is now following alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's advice on a ketogenic diet.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting.
The Swiss High Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. According to lawyer Stephan Bernard, the main aim was to invalidate the argument that the so-called "public policy" had been violated in the decision of the lower court. The court therefore had to decide whether the foreign law also applies in Switzerland or not.
Grosjean haas crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the tank's safety bladder. The investigation also revealed that various technical things in the car saved Grosjean's life and cushioned the force of the impact.
A 25-year-old Romanian driver wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, but he was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA). He came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a goalie in a ice hockey goal. He's trained for the Tokyo Olympics. Here's how he trains: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and relax".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. He volunteers for the US Army and is promptly sent to Iraq. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank.
A reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. The search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. The series tells the story of three women who are victims of human trafficking. The production duo spoke with those affected, as Martinez tells "Variety": "There is a lot of beauty in the aesthetics and in the story of our three protagonists, but it was difficult to wade through the dark reality." "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
Migros and Coop demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m., as Hanspeter Krüsi, spokesman for the St. Gallen canton police, confirmed a report from nau.ch. It was a self-accident. No other vehicles were involved. Army spokeswoman Delphine Allemand also confirmed the accident on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her resignation from the WTA. The 32-year-old French-born tenniswoman has had enough of top tennis. During her career, she won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017. Above all, the legendary game against Serena Williams in 2015 remains unforgotten, when Timea Bacsinszky won the first set and had her first entry into a Grand Slam final in mind, but then could no longer hold back against an extremely theatrical Williams and ended up with ten Games lost in a row.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey (see box), almost every tenth Swiss person has had an STD at least once. According to the survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the final of the European Championship between England and Italy. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder. I told my date that I should slowly go back to go to the toilet at my house. Easy peasy.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. The Kapo Bern confirms that personnel law procedures have been initiated in two cases.