Timon is getting married next month. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding. My sister is getting married in our hometown. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
"I can still remember very well the moment when my parents explained to me that my father was not my father," says GC. "I was eight or nine years old at the time. With the help of a book, they showed me how a child arises and why they were dependent on a donor". For a long time, GC didn't really care that her social father was not genetically related to her.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
The Swiss Consumer Forum has criticized the Swiss regulation on social media. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills.
Kanye West and Irina Shayk are rumored to have dined at a restaurant in Paris. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September. The family wants to find the owner of the carousel horse.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th.
In the US, teachers who have sex with their underage students are sex offenders under the law. In the US, they face many years in prison and life imprisonment on the pedophile convict register. Nevertheless, such situations occur again and again. The case of Washington State English teacher Mary Kay Letourneau was probably the most well-known of its kind in the United States.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated.
Susanna Ohlen reported last Sunday for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face.
A cyber attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
Switzerland has three qualifying places for the newly created Europa Conference League. There, the runner-up and the third in the table of the Super League as well as the cup winner all have to play in the second qualifying round. A total of three rounds must then be survived in order to make it into the group phase.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur are playing away from home for the first time in the Swiss Cup. Davide Callà, former FCB captain and former FCW captain, talks about the match between the two teams.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian-American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
The so-called Silver Sparrow is the second piece of malware to be discovered just a few months after Apple's M1 chips were released. In February 2021, security researcher Patrick Wardle tracked down the so-called adware Gosearch22. Originally developed for Intel Macs, the malicious software has apparently been updated for M1 Macs.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday.
The Federal Council will decide on this on Wednesday. The Gastrosuisse association is trembling at the decision and is therefore appearing before the media on Tuesday with an appeal to politicians. Crowdfunding already took place in the spring during the lockdown, as crowdfunding expert Andreas Dietrich from the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts explains. "Various - mainly small - businesses and also restaurants and artists were financially supported in this way".
Several thousand people took to the streets in Lausanne on Sunday afternoon. The demonstrators protested against discrimination and police violence against non-whites. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) has become a "bad guy" on Facebook. He criticized the measures taken by BR. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted. Nevertheless, testing will continue. "Because politics needs numbers, and without numbers they can't get their politics through," he said at the time.
BMX rider David Graf suffers from a flat tyre. The 31-year-old will miss the final. His big medal dream - literally burst. The second Swiss hope for a medal, Zoé Claessen, is not faring much better. The same three nations are also on the women's podium.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A road accident that killed five children shakes France. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries. An investigation into the incident has been launched.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute call the project Deep Time, which aims to help clarify how people adapt to drastic changes in their living conditions and their environment. The temperature in the cave was ten degrees Celsius and the relative humidity was 100 percent.
The first stage of the Tour de France starts in Nice on Monday. Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Kate Abdo has interviewed Ryan Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska this summer. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said. Of Alaskan residents age 16 and older who are eligible, about 40 percent have received a full coronavirus vaccination, according to the state Department of Health.
A Swiss doctor who performs circumcisions has sued the Swiss public prosecutor's office. The case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. "From a purely objective point of view" one could regard a boy's circumcision as "simple bodily harm". However, since the state is only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit.
Zweifel is celebrating the EM with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer.
A father and his daughter were sentenced to fines of 3,000 francs. The judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. Now the verdict is here. The couple now have to pay court costs of CHF 1,120.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer this year. He scores 18 goals this season and is the second most dangerous Swiss player this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop. The bathroom trophy products can still be obtained until February 7th. Coop is aware of the problem with the locked Trophy premiums. The retailer wants to reassure consumers.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even if you know that there is a gay community that will take you in, coming out in your own family is sometimes still a huge step.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for over a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
Two children's books about so-called rainbow families have been fined in Hungary. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law. The law, which was pushed by the right-wing nationalist government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, had been massively criticized abroad. EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen threatened legal action, and MEPs on Wednesday called for budget cuts for Budapest.
Melodie, how did you get into acting? I actually trained as a hairdresser. But I always wanted to do something big! To sing. Or modelling. But at 1.66 meters, I was too short for that. Then just an actress? Yes, exactly. I auditioned at the drama school in Zurich and they accepted me straight away.
In the Austrian National Council, Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
Swiss Covid is now available for download in the Apple Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
In the night of July 28th to 29th, 2019, there was a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. A mentally ill man started the fire. For more than two years, the man had heard voices telling him that he was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. Neither the consumption of cannabis and amphetamines nor the threat to his imaginary prompters that he would set something on fire silenced them. So the man goes into the underground car park that night, places newspaper soaked in methylated spirits under one of the cars, lights it and leaves again. Summary: Five cars are completely destroyed, and more than 100 others are affected by the heavy build-up of soot.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker Ermedin Demirovic scored three goals in the Bundesliga. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen arrived in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg. Which he also confirms. "I like it here very, very much," said the striker. "I also feel at home, generally just very well. That's also because the team harmonizes really well." The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements. He has scored three goals so far and prepared seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker and laughs.
Netflix will release a new "Fear Street" trilogy every Friday for a period of three weeks. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
This year's Digital Days are organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away, the Zug police said on Sunday.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired.
"Today a limit was crossed," the host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Youtuber Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. The dog was aggressive, but never towards their own family like it is now. In the video, the two explain that they tried to find him a new home without children. Unfortunately unsuccessful. Phillippi shared a final photo on Instagram in which she kisses "Bowie," his nickname, and writes how grateful she is to him for the time together. Some of their fans find it "hypocritical". "So you knew he was aggressive before you gave birth to the child. What were you thinking? It's definitely not about the dog or the child, it's just about clicks."
A huge pile of sapphires is found in Sri Lanka. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday. In the meantime, the village has been drained again with pumps.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspects. They are allegedly employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has already been downloaded on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. According to the BAG, the app is only "intended and permitted" for groups invited by the BAG to the pilot phase, including members of the army, employees of universities and employees of cantonal administrations. According to the BAG, anyone who installed the app on their own is not permitted to use the app. Gregor Lüthy, Head of Communications and Campaigns at the BAG, explained to "Watson": "People who do not belong to the invited pilot group and still use the app are outside the ordinance of May 13. They should therefore uninstall the app as part of their personal responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Regulation".
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period.
Thiam, the former CEO of Credit Suisse, is said to have had racist incidents at the party of Urs Rohner last November. Thiam is said to have apologized for this scene and then left the room. Some of his companions would have done the same. But that shouldn't be all. Thiam is also said to have experienced racism in everyday life in Switzerland. On a business trip from Zurich to Geneva, a customs officer asked him to show his passport. Thiam protested and pointed out that this was not necessary when traveling within Switzerland. He was only able to leave the airport after presenting his passport.
Floods, flooded basements, destroyed cars: the thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores to take precautions such as a protective wall so that the flood water does not overflow.
The 21-year-old Ella Emhoff is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
The army is starting a Covid vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated". The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
The luxury playhouses for children are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The "Silent Protest" association has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
On Monday, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse in St. Gallen. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. Investigations into the accident are still ongoing. The teenager had drunk a colleague's car key and drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. In its report, Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
The Tiktok video on social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other. The video already has over 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was filmed, condemns the act in the strongest possible terms. Because, according to the director, the doors of the gondola lift can only be opened by knowledgeable guests open.
Jeff Bridges announced the news of his cancer diagnosis in October. Now he's feeling better, balding and a new puppy. On his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen has been blocked for weeks. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although parliamentary groups have held their meetings there, this is no longer possible. According to the "St. Galler Tagblatt", the faction leaders were informed of this in a letter. This states: "Parliamentary services and the state chancellery were informed by the building construction office that due to a crack in the ceiling of the cantonal council chamber, as a precautionary measure, no events and meetings can take place in the cantonal council chamber until further notice".
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on the festival's social media channels. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. The reactions in the comments are just as clear and direct. The statement says: "As a festival with clear intentions, we also repeatedly express our attitude to socially relevant topics, especially as part of the Take A Stand initiative and our ecological commitment. This corresponds to our perception and our self-image as a committed and responsible participant in our society".
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the "Marinelink" shipping platform, the ship named Wakashio crashed in a "sensitive area" east of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. According to the newspaper "Bund", the canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. In Sri Lanka, many people still believe in magic. They assume that this will heal them from ailments, or help to solve family disputes and financial problems, among other things.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". She goes on to explain that the four-year age difference shouldn't be a big deal: "No one would bat an eyelid if George Clooney (60) dated someone four years younger"
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun was on fire on Monday night. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place in Frauenfeld on April 28th and 29th. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well". The implementation was logistically a major challenge.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG complains about the noise on the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
A woman on Facebook posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge in Basel. The reactions to her post were not long in coming. She is annoyed that the authorities and politicians are not communicating anything about this. "There is simply no comment on it. I expect at least a statement or an explanation of how to proceed. Simply saying nothing is not a solution either," she says. The Basel-Stadt police confirmed to the "Baz" (Payment article) that in isolated cases underage beggars are out and about in Basel. "Since around Easter, the cantonal police in Basel-Stadt have noticed an increasing number of individual cases of children aged 15 or younger in connection with begging," she writes. In doing so, she assumes that the welfare of the child is endangered.
Kendall Jenner has a make-up room in her bedroom that she's converted from a cinema to a hobby painting room (how could she? She had a private cinema, gopf!). "I was in here last night, so everything is still on the easel," she says, seemingly embarrassed. Yeah, sure, you certainly didn't prepare it that way before the camera crew arrived, logo. Things we didn't know existed because a) we live in a tiny apartment where even a single bed doesn't fit and b) we're incredibly uncultivated, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
In the run-up to the US presidential election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked on Twitter and Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with the British cartoon character Peppa Pig. She wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. "This shit gets on my nerves! She breaks her Uggs," Cardi B tweeted on Twitter.
Covid 19 patients in Switzerland have been recovering from the virus. The scientists say that the disease can damage the heart in the long term. However, they fear that some of the heart damage could be permanent.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started on Friday morning. On Friday alone, 4249 people were tested for the corona virus during the area tests. Of these, 38 received a positive test result, according to a statement from the canton of Graubünden. Accordingly, the first day of testing went "smoothly".
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness should draw attention to. Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta (and also called Stefani in the documentary), reflects: "I was only 19 years old and I was working in the (music) industry. A producer asked me to undress ". When her answer was "no, the terrible act happened that will probably accompany the singer for the rest of her life. He threatened to burn all of her music.
Nina Christen won her bronze medal over ten meters. The 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard. The Swiss scores two more direct hits and actually crowns her furious race to catch up with the Olympic title! In the end, the 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard - an Olympic record. In her home town of Wolfenschiessen, things must not have calmed down after her gold medal.
In France, the night curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th. This is not a substitute for protection concepts, but serves as additional protection, according to the government. Participation is voluntary. The cantons should be able to exempt companies that test frequently from the quarantine requirement for contact persons.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. It jumped zigzag across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Billie Holiday's path to becoming a jazz icon was a difficult one. She grew up in precarious circumstances, experienced sexual violence from various men and became addicted to drugs.
In the current episode "Fernweh" we talk to Ennie, a South African who lives in Switzerland. She tells us about her first trip to South Africa, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa. What Ennie experienced at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday. Thousands of people gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. Electronic billboards above the city freeway and in subway entrances read: "Thank you Diego". "Today is a very sad day for all Argentines," said President Alberto Fernández on TV channel TyC Sports.
The federal government recommends avoiding Halloween parties if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
The annual table for the 2021 season has been released today. As in the normal season table, champion YB is right at the front - and also with a clear lead. Seven wins and three draws add up to a whopping 24 points from 10 games. They are followed by FC Luzern with 15 points from nine games. Fabio Celestini's team has had a strong 2021 so far and has only lost twice.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university. As the Basel canton police write, around thirty people were checked during the unauthorized rally and two activists were taken to a police station for more detailed clarification.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old boy from Kabul, Afghan, is now a big fan of Lionel Messi. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. The family had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country.
In the run-up to Valentine's Day, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love. You can find the questions in the photo gallery. By means of individual settings, each user can decide how they want to use Tinder's video function. According to Tinder, you don't have to worry about unwanted calls. Both parties must agree to the video call.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. The American Gladiators Basel are currently training in groups of 15 over two days.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy in his opinion.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases: "We have located sources of infection at work, at private parties, among young people, but also among people returning from trips". The contact tracers found the routes of infection.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
The 19-year-old Brandon Hole, who apparently shot himself in a gun attack in the US city of Indianapolis, is believed to have worked for Fedex. The police in the US city announced the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights.
On Tuesday, the Federal Council estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid 19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railways opened its VIP lounge in Grindelwald Terminal. The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
Ken's mother was a heroin addict and his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available. What is the conflict about?
Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. Make a bold mark on your calendar for Sunday, September 19 - whether you want to compete yourself or applaud the chord crash landings from the shore. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for a second term in the White House in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago, when asked.
The pesticide initiative is expected to be accepted by retailers and producers. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape.
Drones provide beautiful landscape images and have become a popular toy for hobby pilots. With the increasing popularity, the number of drones in the airspace has also grown. However, the small drones can become a major threat to normal air traffic. The St. Gallen-Altenrhein airport decided to install a drone detection system.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile on Monday night. Almost all old posts are gone, only one was still on her account. It is unclear whether Loredana's statement that she was not allowed to say anything actually (only) refers to her new album.
On Saturday, a woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a motorcyclist drove behind her. The woman suffered undetermined injuries. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers will be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your phone with solar power, has been moved. The location was too weak for the bank to use, says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son: the 19-year-old from Bern successfully completed his apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser.
Roger Federer hasn't given an interview for a long time. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. Horta-Osório is a top manager who, with over 30 years of experience, covers all important business areas of CS: The private customer business, because he comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011. He is familiar with investment banking from his work at Goldman Sachs and has gained experience abroad, for example in South America for the Spanish bank Santander. Experts praise him for his digitization experience.
The president believes Pfizer deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to him, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election.
GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Thank you for participating!
A woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a driver hit her with his car. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
The Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil was closed on December 6, 2019 after the accused was observed by a work colleague. Since then, the 36-year-old has been in prison and has already started his early sentence. He is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. The accused is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas and multiple pornography.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you. Since swimming is not an issue for Martullo-Blocher, the moderator would like to know which sport or which hobbies she pursues.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers visitors a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time. Now she's back with new Insta image feed and shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs.
Queen Elizabeth and Duchess Kate are looking for a head gardener. The royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment. In addition, it is expected that the park grounds and Anmer Hall itself will be made ready for the season.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
Reto M. (24) is caught with a joint. The Road Traffic Office orders a precautionary withdrawal of his driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australia is a welcome haven for the US film industry. The Australian government pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz is worried about his beloved Audi Q5. The car was reported stolen in some BE and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.The man had to be treated in the hospital, but has now been called up for investigations brought to a police station."The details are currently the subject of investigations - such as whether the driver stole the vehicle or why the car went off the road".For news scout Toni Kurz, this does not matter.He is glad that the driver did not have anything Bad things happened." But it also makes me sad about my beautiful and beloved Q5." He has already taken on the paperwork with the insurance company.
Mike was a parasite who stole from his ex. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"Who we were" is a documentary about a group of scientists who have come up with a new way of looking at the world. The film was inspired by a book by Roger Willemsen, who was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. The story takes place in summery New York, and the focus is on the bodega owner Usnavi (Anthony Ramos). He saves as much as he can to make his wish come true: Usnavi dreams of a better life in his homeland, the Dominican Republic. Who would want to live next to the stinking Olchis? Nobody - that's why the search for a new home is difficult for Mama (voiced by Annemarie Carpendale) and Papa Olchi (Wayne Carpendale). But when the family dragon Firechair crashes, they and their children end up in a garbage dump - the ideal home where they work on a machine designed to neutralize the smell of garbage.
A new online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt".
In Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. By the end of 2019, they were in 44 quarters. The researchers looked at whether the birds had taught themselves how to open the bins or whether they had imitated others. As the research found, the cockatoos learned by observing others.
At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage pregnant women from smoking during pregnancy. The ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020. The traffic department of the city of Zurich said on request, in response to the two accidents, new barrier material and impact protection were installed like on ski slopes.
Prime Minister Markus Söder canceled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The Free State, headed by the CSU Prime Minister, is following a strict course in the fight against the corona virus. Söder had pushed the tests on the highways and at train stations.
After the eviction of an occupation in Bern, 16 Bernese were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern police director is anything but happy about the outcome of the process.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." When Andrea came back from an interview one day, she left her dictaphone unattended in the radio studio for a moment. When she wanted to listen to the recording, it was gone.
The Polish workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The island of Mauritius is suffering from oil spills. The government has failed completely. The Swiss emigrated to the island almost two years ago. The local people are dependent on tourism, so the atmosphere is very tense. Because in addition to the oil debacle, "Mauritius" borders are still closed - you only find out about an opening a few days in advance, says the real estate agent.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi to 20 minutes.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
Gwyneth Paltrow is suffering from the effects of Covid-19. The actress recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. "It left me with persistent fatigue and brain fog." The latter, in German brain fog, refers to a phenomenon in which those affected have symptoms such as concentration problems and memory disorders. She is now doing Will Cole's fast diet. For example, she avoids sugar and alcohol and mainly consumes butyrates, fish oil, zinc and selenium as well as vitamins B and D3.
"You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland negotiated a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting.
The Aargau High Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted. However, the responsible department rejected the request to delete the gender entry.
Just seconds after the start, Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the tank's safety bladder. It is unclear why the tank did not seal itself after the fuel lines were disconnected. The investigation also revealed that various technical things in the car saved Grosjean's life and cushioned the force of the impact.
A Romanian van was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) on July 16, when he wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria. The stolen goods were handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a goalie. He fends off pucks with his sword and the Degen bell. He trains like this every time he trains. He says very clearly that he always has to be highly concentrated. The video is not a show, he benefits from this training: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and flinch".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
A reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon. The search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
"Money Heist" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
Migros and Coop demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m. on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky announced her resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking Swiss has had enough of top tennis. She also thanks her family and friends in her posts on Instagram. During her career, she won the WTA titles in Luxembourg (2009), Acapulco and Monterrey (both Mexico 2015) and Rabat (Morocco 2016). She also won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will referee the final of the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. A police officer told several witnesses "that the easiest thing would be to shoot at the demonstrators." Kapo Bern confirms that personnel law procedures have been initiated in two cases.