I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is actually exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings.
GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their origins. She wants to do a DNA test to find out more about her father. "Of course there is the possibility to do a DNA test, but I'm not sure if that's the right way". Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs. If a match is found, for example because a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way What's stopping GC from doing a DNA test? "The tests aren't 100% reliable either. I definitely don't want to get bogged down in something just to be disappointed. For example, if a supposed parentage turns out to be wrong."
In thousands of Swiss private households, household employees take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
The fitness studio Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation on social media. Customers can't extend their subscriptions during the shutdown. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills. The consumer forum does not support this approach, says Babette Sigg, President of the Swiss Consumer Forum: "This means that the customer can insist on being reimbursed for the service not used due to the lockdown". Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The aim of the regulation is to spread the financial damage caused by the pandemic over a longer period of time. "That makes it manageable for us." However, the regulation of the fitness studio contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Kanye West is rumored to be dating model Irina Shayk (35). The two have been in a relationship for four years. The former reality star and rapper have four children: North (7), Saint (5), Chicago (3) and Psalm (2). The former spouses share custody.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September. The family wants to find the owner of the wooden figure.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
On December 30, 2020, there were 119 people in the canton of Lucerne. On December 30, 2020, there were still 119 people. 21 people had to be ventilated on Monday. Of the 49 available intensive care beds, 43 were occupied at 7 a.m. on Monday morning, which corresponds to an occupancy rate of 88 percent. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
In the US, teachers who have sex with their underage students are sex offenders under the law. In the US, they face many years in prison and life imprisonment on the pedophile convict register. Nevertheless, such situations occur again and again. The case of Washington State English teacher Mary Kay Letourneau was probably the most well-known of its kind in the United States.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
The German private broadcaster RTL reported last Sunday from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. According to the US government, the hackers demanded a ransom.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur will play in the Swiss Cup on Tuesday evening. The match will be played live from 8:15 p.m. The two teams have played four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Winterthur prevailed. Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. He was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian-American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
Silver Sparrow is the second piece of malware to be discovered just a few months after Apple's M1 chips were released. In February 2021, security researcher Patrick Wardle tracked down the so-called adware Gosearch22. Originally developed for Intel Macs, the malicious software has apparently been updated for M1 Macs. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA. It is also interesting that the malware has a self-destruct mechanism. After it became known, Apple reacted. The certificates of the developer accounts used to sign the malware packages have been removed.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea was caught in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop. The man from Eritrea then wanted to evade control and physically attacked the two inspectors.
Swiss gastronomy is under a curfew. Crowdfunding is now supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. "People should go on a culinary voyage of discovery, and the pubs will get new guests," explains Krumes. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project.
Several thousand people took to the streets in Lausanne on Sunday afternoon. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) has been criticized on social media for criticizing the measures taken by BR. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted. Nevertheless, testing will continue.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute in the Pyrenees have spent 40 days without sunlight and clocks in a cave in France. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news. As expected, the participants lost their sense of time.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, is also a successful boxer. His second son, Sean, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
A Swiss doctor performs circumcisions for religious reasons. He is not circumcised by doctors at all, but by religious medicine men in a private setting. The case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. However, since the state is officially only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel chips are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. The pizza margherita also only gets one and a half stars: one customer writes that you can taste the glutamate very well.
A father and his nine-year-old daughter were sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs. The judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. In addition, the couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. He is also the second most dangerous Swiss footballer this year.
The lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers. Consumers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even if you know that there is a gay community that will take you in, coming out in your own family is sometimes still a huge step.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for publishing two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. Both books tell about the everyday life of a child, one with two mothers and one with two fathers, writes "ABC News".
"Domina" is the first Swiss drama series to be filmed in the United States. The series is set in Switzerland and will start on June 3rd. "Domina" is the first Swiss drama to be filmed in the United States.
Austrian politician Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
In Bern, there was a fire in an underground car park. A mentally ill man started the fire. The man is arrested the next day. The man from Bern has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer. The accused said he felt comfortable there and took his medication every day. The verdict comes on Friday.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
Ermedin Demirovic (22) scores goals and sets up goals in the Bundesliga. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker says: "I'm actually never satisfied. I always want more, always further, always higher," says the German-Bosnian. He admits that things are going well for him at the moment. He has scored three goals so far and prepared seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker and laughs. He never thought about how many goals he wanted to score in a season.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in Zurich. On Saturday, several hundred demonstrators gathered on Zurich's Helvetiaplatz after the "Feminist Strike Collective" had been called. The illegal event was quickly broken up by a large police presence. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old driver drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, she lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
32-year-old Swiss man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband had their dog Bowser put down. The video on the YouTube social media platform is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki Phillippi uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A man in Sri Lanka discovered a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday. In the meantime, the village has been drained again with pumps.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspects in connection with a gang of parcel thieves. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. It is only officially in the pilot phase. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. According to the BAG, the more users use the app, the higher "the effectiveness and the probability that relevant contacts can be identified and reported". But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands, Albania, Malta, Belgium and India are on the quarantine list of risk countries. The quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer. In Ibiza, masks are mandatory almost everywhere, according to N. "In all shops you have to disinfect your hands before entering. The restaurants are very airy, so that there is enough distance. The menu is only available as a QR code or on the blackboard". She also mentions that discos and music bars are closed and smoking is prohibited.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS). The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general".
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
The 21-year-old Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). Already on Inauguration Day, she wowed the world with a chic "Miu Miu" coat. Shortly thereafter, she was signed by the modeling agency IMG Models. The agency's portfolio includes superstars such as Gisele Bundchen and Bella (24) and Gigi Hadid (25).
In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school.
A luxury playhouse for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, they can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. The teenager had drunk copious amounts of alcohol and drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes. According to the city police, investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. Once these are completed, the case goes to the prosecutor's office. The road traffic office is also informed.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok.
Jeff Bridges has been diagnosed with cancer. The actor wrote on his website that his tumor has shrunk drastically. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be observed there. The goal is that the hall can be used again without restrictions after the summer holidays at the latest.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on social media. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. The reactions in the comments are just as clear and direct. With more than 160 comments on the Facebook post, there is little praise and support, as reported by Die Ostschweiz. Many think they never want to go to the Openair St. Gallen again.
On July 25, a freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil ran aground off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the "Marinelink" shipping platform, the ship named Wakashio crashed in a "sensitive area" east of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident.
Kim Kardashian uploaded a funny video to Insta on Tuesday. In the video, she shares about her new "Sour" media package with superstar Olivia Rodrigo. The video also features Kim's handwritten card from superstar Olivia Rodrigo, "Kim, thank you for supporting my music! That means the world to me. I adore you and wanted to give you some goodies to celebrate my release," writes the singer. Not only Kim seems to have liked Olivia's music: her song "good 4 u" has according to the Twitter account "Pop Crave". Almost setting a new Spotify record with 12.2 million streams a day, the track is the second biggest streaming hit for non-Christmas songs on the platform, only her own song "Drivers License" has been streamed more.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation. But to what extent would the situation have to get worse for the obligation to have a certificate in restaurants or cinemas in the canton of Bern to become an issue?
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun was on fire on Monday. It is already the third antenna that has been set on fire within days: traces of fire and damage to a 5G transmission mast were found on Seestrasse in Thun on Monday. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says police spokesman Christoph Gnägi.
A road rescue course run by the Fire Brigade Coordination East. The course was held on April 28th and 29th in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site".
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG wants to know why the canton renovated the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
A woman posted on Facebook a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. The reactions to her post were not long in coming. Strähl has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has a glam room in her bedroom. It's a work by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. Traveling to other dimensions would be so much nicer, pfff. She has placed such structures around the stacks of books in front of her bed. "I don't know what exactly those copper energy rings are for, but I also have some on my lights and around my water bottle and I'm comfortable around them." She apparently hid the dream catcher, the rose quartz and the glasses full of her own urine in the closet before the shoot. Okay, at least in a golden bathtub.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
The Green Liberals (GLP) submitted a demand for "marriage for all" in the National Council. In December 2020, Parliament passed the bill. This would give all couples, regardless of gender, the same rights. Same-sex couples could then get married. Heterosexual couples could also enter into a registered partnership.
In the run-up to the election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked in recent months. But the members of such groups have not simply disappeared from the Internet. Rather, they had to look for new places where they can openly express their opinions without being banned or labeled. They found a place on the social media platform Parler. It's a social network that describes itself as non-biased and advertises freedom of speech.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. She wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to break her Ugg boots. Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. The findings were published in the journal "Jama Cardiology".
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
More than 15 years ago, singer Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See".
The 27-year-old Nina Christen from Nidwalden won the three-position final in Wolfenschiessen. The 27-year-old scored 463.9 points on the scoreboard. The bronze medal came as a surprise, it stirred a lot in the 27-year-old.
More than a million new cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th. This is not a substitute for protection concepts, but serves as additional protection, according to the government. Participation is voluntary. The Federal Council also wants to facilitate access to self-tests. All people should be able to test themselves regularly, even if they have no symptoms. The cost of expanding the testing strategy for 2021 is estimated to be over one billion francs. The Federal Council will make a final decision on March 12 after consulting the cantons.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. It laid an egg on the spot. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like.
In this episode of "Fernweh" we talk to Ennie, a South African traveler who lives and works in South Africa. We talk about her life in South Africa, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday at his former club Boca Juniors. Thousands of people gathered in Buenos Aires to say goodbye to their idol. The Argentine government has ordered three days of national mourning.
The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
The annual table for 2021 has been released. Here's what's on the way. The club of Liechtenstein has scored more than twice as many points as in the previous year (7 points). It gets really tight behind the first three. As the fourth-best team of the year, Servette has just won two points more than FC Sion in last place. The annual table 2021 1. YB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtuza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old boy from Afghanistan, was born in Argentina. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. The family had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country.
The dating app Tinder has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. The American football team is currently training in groups of 15 over two days. Dwayne Woods is now hoping for a special permit for league operations in the top football division.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. After a Belgian woman became infected during a skiing holiday in Switzerland, 5,000 Belgians had to be quarantined. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity". The canton doctors warned of caution when traveling abroad.
According to the latest analysis, the Blue Cross Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee has been arrested in Indianapolis after shooting eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex. The identity of the shooter is unknown.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among the highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other four podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
On Tuesday, the Federal Council estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher.
The Jungfrau Railways are the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
Ken's mother was a heroin addict. When she was 18, she was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
In December 1989, Markus Grosi was in Brazil, where he worked and did research on a ramie farm. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at. Do you know who this letter might belong to? Please contact us. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
The conflict in Ethiopia has developed a momentum that threatens to destabilize the entire region. After China, the USA, France and even Taiwan, Russia in particular has also secured a military base on the strategically important Gulf of Aden. Surrounded by conflict spots like Yemen and Somalia, the Red Sea is about securing interests on one of the most important trade routes in the world. In addition to the United Nations, aid organizations are also warning of a humanitarian catastrophe and the spread of the conflict to neighboring countries.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19! The event will be held at the Bellerive Plage lido. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team.
US President Joe Biden said he expects to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago.
The pesticide initiative could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana has deactivated her Instagram account unannounced. On Monday, she announced her second album via the Insta profile of Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio, already revealing the album's cover art, titled "Medusa". On Monday evening, the rapper followed up with her own upload (below). It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
A woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. According to the police, there was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer is against using the National Bank. "There is no reason to claim additional funds from the National Bank. It has another task that is currently underestimated. It has to support the franc exchange rate. If it didn't do anything in this area, we would probably have parity with the euro, what would be a disaster for the export industry," he said. The National Bank should not be allowed to pay the state's debts.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher. The city of Wil has not yet received any complaints.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son, who successfully completed his apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony suffered a setback. According to the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS). He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. "Urs Rohner surprised everyone with this unexpected choice, but created good conditions for a sovereign transition," says banking expert Adriano Lucatelli, founder of the financial service provider Descartes Finance and ex-manager of CS and UBS, to 20 minutes. Horta-Osório is a top manager who, with over 30 years of experience, covers all important business areas of CS: The private customer business, because he comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011. He is familiar with investment banking from his work at Goldman Sachs and has gained experience abroad, for example in South America for the Spanish bank Santander.
Pfizer was playing "corrupt games," Donald Trump said at a press conference in the White House on Friday. The president believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election."
GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. Since the investigation is still ongoing, no information is yet to be given about the course of events. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Vielen Dank für teilnehmen! Danke für participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, the Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil was observed by a work colleague. The accused, who was head of the day-care center at the time, was dismissed without notice. Now the charges against the former day care worker are available, as the "Basler Zeitung" (paid article) reports. Accordingly, the accused is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. On the day of his arrest, he took advantage of the fact that he was alone with a dozen children in the daycare dormitory at noon. There he is said to have grabbed the penis of a 4-year-old boy and also orally stimulated his genitals.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. The 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you. Since swimming is not an issue for Martullo-Blocher, the moderator would like to know which sport or which hobbies she pursues.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers visitors a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. That was the good news. The bad: Gigi doesn't reveal much in the new photos either.
The Queen's London estate is looking for a head gardener. The job is part of a comprehensive renovation of the property. The job requires knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. The salary is also not noted, although in the past for a comparable position you usually received an initial salary of between 25,000 and 32,000 francs per year.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
Reto M. (24), a service technician, was caught by police after he smoked a joint. The Road Traffic Office orders a precautionary withdrawal of his driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. The Roadcross organization, on the other hand, has concerns: "We are definitely in favor of people who are affected by a driver's license withdrawal being given a fair process and having the opportunity to defend themselves," says media spokesman Mike Egle. What must not happen, however, is that people whose driver's license is revoked are given a "loophole": "It must be ensured that people whose license is revoked are not on the road again before the final decision is made."
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australia is the world's second biggest film production hotspot. Half of Hollywood is currently in Australia and it seems that the showbiz hotspot is shifting to Down Under, at least temporarily. But even outside of the Marvel Universe, numerous other major productions are currently relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. In addition to Denner, Coop and various Swiss online shops also sell the brand. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz is worried about his beloved Audi Q5. The car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.The man had to be treated in the hospital, but has now been called up for investigations.
Mike was a parasite who stole from her. She was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. Today she is single and childless. Serena is a woman who doesn't mince words. "When I met Mike, I was working as a broker in Germany. The job was great, but I felt lonely. That's when Mike and I started chatting online. He was sweet, funny, intelligent - and incredibly bold. But I only realized that later. Mike was never violent, but he stole from me. And he never admitted it until he was caught. When he denied it, I believed him. I could slap myself for seeing him like that loved me very much. It was a Friday evening, we had a fight. Mike was a parasite, he completely drained me. I think he tried to kill me because he felt cornered. He didn't have a job for a long time and I gave him an ultimatum: If he can't find anything, he has to leave the apartment and go back to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"I didn't have any length in mind, I just said to myself that the film would take the time it needed. And it did," says author and director Marc Bauder in a press statement about "Who we were". It has become about two hours - two hours in which it is shown how things are with our planet. A film as a research trip, that's what drove Bauder: "We have information that didn't exist years ago. So how can I network this information and get people out of their passivity?" Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst.
A new online tool has been available on Zentralplus that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send. Now it turns out that 1178 ads were generated in the first month, reported the online portal Zentralplus. It is stored there how many advertisements are created from which cantons.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters. The researchers looked at whether the birds had taught themselves how to open the bins or whether they had imitated others.
At the end of July only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office. Because the consequences for the office centers with their cafés, pubs and retailers are significant.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. The Free State is following a strict course in the fight against the corona virus. Söder had pushed the tests on the highways and at train stations And so the criticism of his person and the government was not long in coming. Ludwig Hartmann, the leader of the Greens in the state parliament, spoke of "blatant government failure" and FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen tweeted: "Söder's staging as a corona model student is increasingly getting cracks".
The Bern police officers who were evicted from an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. The Bern canton police also failed to give non-participants a deadline to leave the building. Single judge Bettina Bochsler justified the partial acquittal of the occupiers by saying that it was unclear which people were specifically involved in the violence against the officers.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
Polish workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The IWB promises to review the allegations.
A freighter that was stranded on the island of Mauritius has caused a major ecological disaster. The government has failed completely. The locals took the initiative and organized themselves.
The SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains. That means: Due to full compositions, travelers to Ticino may have to wait for the next train.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
On Tuesday, Gwyneth Paltrow promoted her book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. She is following the doctor's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day. The director of the English health service NHS intervened: Professor Stephen Powis told the BBC that "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend". Nevertheless, "influencers who use social media in particular should treat the topic seriously and exercise their duty of care".
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law.
The higher court in Aargau ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "Now the necessary steps must be taken so that non-binary people can also register correctly in Switzerland," says Marianne Aeberhard, project manager at the association "humanrights.ch - Human Rights Switzerland". "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool".
Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. He was able to save himself from the fire inferno. Fortunately, the 34-year-old survived.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer trains in an ice hockey goal. He does it all the time. But what does he do? He fends off pucks with the Degen bell, the hand guard.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
A reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. However, the search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
US actor Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. "Money Heist" tells the story of three women who are victims of human trafficking. For the series, the production duo spoke with those affected, as Martinez tells "Variety": "There is a lot of beauty in the aesthetics and in the story of our three protagonists, but it was difficult to wade through the dark reality." "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. Bart (Tye Sheridan) feels overwhelmed by conversations. To overcome his insecurity, he installed surveillance cameras in each of the hotel rooms while working as a night porter. With the help of the videos, he wants to learn people's behavior in order to get along with them better and to imitate them. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
The "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) report shows that the reception of mobile phones in major retail stores is poor. In some cases, there are dead spots in the branch in the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”. But instead of actively improving the network quality inside the shops, Migros and Coop refer to their free WiFi networks in the "Tages-Anzeiger".
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her final resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old has had enough of top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the final of the European Championship between England and Italy. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder. But I haven't thought about it yet and told my date that I should slowly go back to go to the toilet at my house. Easy peasy.
Some Bernese police officers were warned about racist content on social media. The "SonntagsZeitung" reports that personnel law procedures have been initiated in two cases. A police officer told several witnesses "that the easiest thing would be to shoot at the demonstrators." Kapo Bern confirms that personnel law procedures have been initiated in two cases. This is also shown by a demand at the political level. At the end of 2019, an interpellation on right-wing extremist tendencies was submitted to the Bern Corps in the cantonal parliament. The reason was the question of whether such structures exist within the police force.