Timon and Ella are getting married in our hometown. Timon is the wedding photographer of my sister's. Timon is the wedding photographer of my uncle's. Timon is also a friend of my sister's.
The question of where she came from has taken up more and more space in her life. "I talk about it more openly, for example with friends. And yes, I have the feeling that I will never fully get to know myself if half of my origins remain unknown". GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their origin.
In thousands of Swiss households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
Clever-Fit's new regulation makes it more difficult for customers to extend their subscriptions during shutdowns. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown.
Kanye West and Irina Shayk are rumored to have dined together. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting at a restaurant.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday - and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th.
In the US, teachers who have sex with their underage students are sex offenders under the law. In the US, they face many years in prison and life imprisonment on the pedophile convict register. Nevertheless, such situations occur again and again. The case of Washington State English teacher Mary Kay Letourneau was probably the most well-known of its kind in the United States.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
The German private broadcaster RTL reported on the floods in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. A media spokeswoman told the newspaper as follows: "Our reporter's actions clearly contradict journalistic principles and our own standards. We therefore gave her leave on Monday immediately after we found out about it." Susanne Ohlen has been working for the station since 2008 and has moderated the program "Guten Morgen, Deutschland" among other things. Cases where live reporters exaggerate are more common during severe weather. Unforgotten is the case of a storm reporter in the USA, who allegedly fought the wind with all his strength while people calmly walked past behind him.
JBS from Brazil has become the target of an organized cyber attack. Because of the attack, five of the largest meat factories in the United States had to be shut down for the time being, as reported by US media, citing unions and employees.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. Because only the best 15 nations will receive starting and qualifying places for the Europa League in the coming season, this competition will be held without Swiss clubs in the near future.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur will face off in the Swiss Cup on Tuesday evening. The match is a first for FCB alongside the VAR. The two teams have played away from home for the first time since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. Davide Callà: The games were always hard-fought, emotional and often decided by controversial decisions. This time the VAR comes along and that's why scenes like this shouldn't happen again. We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day. To be honest, one has to say that Thun was not in the form after the winter break and FC St. Gallen was not as strong as it was in the third and fourth quarters of the championship. We were in good spirits at the end of the season and would have liked to have continued playing, but then the break came.
The suspected gunman at massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
Silver Sparrow is a new type of malware. It has been detected on 30,000 Macs all over the world. The malware has a self-destruct mechanism. Apple reacted. The certificates of the developer accounts used to sign the malware packages have been removed. This prevents new Macs from becoming infected with the malware, explains the tech platform Mashable.com.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday.
Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy. 70 restaurants are involved in the campaign. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. It is a long-term campaign and aims to get people to eat out more often. The industry association Gastrosuisse did not want to comment on crowdfunding when asked by 20 minutes.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima has become a "bad guy" on Facebook. He criticized the measures taken by BR. The comedian was criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company and the environment.
A family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously. It is therefore a married couple with their four children and the husband's sister-in-law and their two children. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident.
15 people have left the Lombrives cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. Scientists had already entered the cave on Friday to tell the group that they would be coming out soon. Some looked tired, but two-thirds said they would like to stay a little longer to complete group projects exploring the cave, said Benoit Mauvieux, one of the researchers involved.
In the first stage of the Tour de France in Nice, Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed. Hirschi was allowed to put on the white jersey of the best young professional. The drivers have to dress themselves this year because of Corona.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, has won 21 fights in 21 fights. His second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate". Finally, Ryan Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!"
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
The Swiss public prosecutor has rejected a lawsuit against a Swiss doctor who routinely performs circumcisions. The surgeon claims he performs the operation as a surgeon, even if there is no need to do so. Pro Children's Rights Switzerland is now demanding the same for boys.
Zweifel chips are celebrating the European Championship with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer.
Because they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs - "We are guilty in the sense that we violated compulsory schooling, but we found the amount of the fine to be inappropriate," said the father to 20 minutes. After all, the daughter was not taken out of school without reason, but because the mother was pregnant.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021. The striker plays for Romanian club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. He is the second most dangerous Swiss footballer this year.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has been locked since mid-September. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined for publishing two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law.
"Domina" stars Melodie Melodie. She's a singer, model and actress. She's also a singer and actress.
Austrian politician Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. This also includes everyone who has already contracted Covid, which applies to around 700,000 Swiss people.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from the IT security company Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
A mentally ill man set a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. He was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. The man has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative.
The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker Ermedin Demirovic scored three goals and set up seven assists in the Bundesliga season. The 22-year-old is impressed with his performances. He says: "I like it here very, very much," said the striker. "I also feel at home, generally just very well. That's also because the team harmonizes really well."
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The second part focuses on a summer camp in 1978, the third part is dedicated to witch hunts and sheds light on the Origin of the curse in 1666.
On International Women's Day, protesters gathered in Basel and Zurich. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great.
The weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. Above all, perception is still impaired: sometimes my sense of taste and smell works perfectly, other days not at all.
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information in order to obtain a Covid loan he was not entitled to.
"Today a limit was crossed," the host of a Baselbiet restaurant says on Facebook. He has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. In a 24-minute YouTube video, she and her husband say that the dog used to be aggressive, but never towards their own family like it is now. In the video, the two explain that they tried to find him a new home without children.
A man in Sri Lanka has found a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers hit a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday. In the meantime, the village has been drained again with pumps.
Police have arrested three suspects who allegedly stole packages left in the area of residential buildings by other delivery companies. The motive of the three alleged perpetrators is still unclear. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined. Basically, it is important to get an accurate picture of the situation. DHL also reserves the right to take legal action if necessary.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. According to the BAG, the more users use the app, the higher "the effectiveness and the probability that relevant contacts can be identified and reported".
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. The measures that apply in and around the hotel are not comparable to those in Switzerland.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". For the article, the US newspaper relied on interviews with a total of sixteen people, including close former Thiam employees as well as investors, customers, friends and family members.
The thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated". The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
Mini houses for children are a real trend triggered by the luxury playhouses. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars. The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse in St. Gallen. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. The police were able to determine who caused the accident. It is a 19-year-old from the city of St. Gallen. He had drunk a colleague's car key and drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was made, condemns the act as a rascal prank.
Jeff Bridges announced his cancer diagnosis in October. Now he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. "I'm feeling good, balding and a new puppy," wrote the "The Big Lebowski" star along with the picture in December. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there. The goal is that the hall can be used again without restrictions after the summer holidays at the latest.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on the social media channels. On Facebook, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues.
On July 25, a Japanese freighter crashed off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board. The ship poses no threat to the environment. Now the freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking. The Mauritian Ministry of the Environment confirms this in a press release published by the ministry on Thursday.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. According to the newspaper "Bund", the canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
Sri Lankan woman beats a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," said Gnägi.
On April 28th and 29th, a road rescue course was held in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well".
The Corona unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG wants to know why the canton renovated the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house instead of asphalt. The canton promises that the condition of the joint mentioned by Sieber will be checked and repaired if necessary and that the lawyer will have received the documents.
"The red line has been crossed," writes Andrea Strähl from Basel about her picture on Facebook, on which a woman and a boy are sitting begging on the Middle Bridge. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes. Strähl is annoyed that the authorities and politicians are not communicating anything about this. "There is simply no comment on it. I expect at least a statement or an explanation of how to proceed. Simply saying nothing is not a solution either," she says.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has a make-up room in her bedroom. It's a work of art by the US artist James Turrell (77). We don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5. But Kendall is so down to earth, like you can stay down to earth when you own a house with a well-stocked bar. And in a room that she had converted from a cinema to a hobby painting room (how could she? She had a private cinema, gopf!). "I was in here last night, so everything is still on the easel," she says, seemingly embarrassed. Yeah, sure, you certainly didn't prepare it that way before the camera crew arrived, logo. Things we didn't know existed because a) we live in a tiny apartment where even a single bed doesn't fit and b) we're incredibly uncultivated, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
Social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked on Twitter or Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Rapper Cardi B (28) takes on Peppa Pig on Twitter. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Covid 19 patients in Switzerland are recovering from acute corona infection with the novel corona virus. However, they are not yet sure what the long-term consequences will be. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. In the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness should draw attention to.
Nina Christen is involved in the three-position final right from the start. After the kneeling series of five, the 27-year-old is on course for a medal, although it is her weakest sub-discipline. When lying down, the woman from Nidwalden falls back a bit, but still has everything in her own hands before the decision is made.
More than a million new cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for all rapid tests in pharmacies and test centers. The expansion of the test strategy is associated with certain risks, because each test result is only a snapshot. The cost of expanding the testing strategy for 2021 is estimated to be over one billion francs. The Federal Council will make a final decision on March 12 after consulting the cantons.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. The animal jumped zigzag across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like. And this regardless of the fact that the growing settlement has people in adjacent "We know we're in a bubble, but it's a nice bubble," says resident Tony.The artist Antonio Ligabue (Elio Germano) grew up with foster parents in Switzerland at the beginning of the 20th century After a difficult childhood he was expelled to Italy, where he lived as a young adult without a fixed abode.The only refuge he found in his art, drawing.
In the current episode "Fernweh" you can hear everything about how Ennie experienced at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday in Argentina. Thousands of people gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol.
The Federal Council recommends avoiding Halloween parties with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
In the annual table for 2021, the FCB fans are likely to get chills down their spines. FCB was able to win a total of ten points in nine games this year. Bottom is the other big crisis club - FC Sion. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university. As the Basel canton police write, around thirty people were checked during the unauthorized rally and two activists were taken to a police station for more detailed clarification. One is suspected of having been involved in spraying along the route, the other is threatened with being reported as preventing an official act.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtuza Ahmadi, nine-year-old from Afghanistan, is a big fan of Lionel Messi. His family fled to Qatar to meet his idol. However, they could not benefit from the meeting. Murtuza's father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country.
Tinder has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Federal Council relaxes the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. A special problem: The American footballers in Switzerland. They are currently training in groups of 15 over two days.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. After a Belgian woman became infected during a skiing holiday in Switzerland, 5,000 Belgians had to be quarantined. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases.
In 2020, the Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveyed high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee of the parcel service Fedex has been arrested in Indianapolis. The police have confirmed the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle. Hole took his own life before confronting the police. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other four podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The Federal Council has estimated the R value for December 4th, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The task force has repeatedly pointed out that with the currently extremely high number of cases, it would make sense to halve the number every two weeks. The task force therefore does not focus on daily R values, but takes into account the 7-day average together with other indicators when assessing the situation.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. The airport has put up posters and notices to ensure that the Corona measures are observed. In addition, staff are on duty to point out the rules to passengers.
A child of drug addicts was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday evening, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
The pandemic has hit many entertainment industries hard. For the games industry, the lockdowns and restrictions on public life imposed worldwide were even a growth driver: global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
The People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available. What is the conflict about? A brief overview. Abiy Ahmed took office as Prime Minister of Ethiopia in 2018. One year he was later awarded the Nobel Prize for his role in bringing about peace with Eritrea.But earlier this November, somewhat unnoticed, he sent his military into the rebellious Tigray region in the north of the country (the Tigray) attacked military installations of the Ethiopian army and stole weapons, crossing a red line Yes, tensions between the TPLF and Prime Minister Ahmed have existed since he took office in 2018. That is how many people in the Tigray region feel are not represented by the central government and would like more autonomy.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 for the eighth edition of the event. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. You can apply to sail under our flag by pressing this button: You have until next Sunday, June 20, at 11:59 p.m. Over at Red Bull you'll find all the information you need, as well as the rules for the flight day. You can also apply without our blessing and a fixed starting place, but remember: that would hurt our feelings.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for a second term in the White House in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago.
If the pesticide initiative is accepted, food safety in Switzerland will decrease and food-borne illnesses can increase, reports the "SonntagsZeitung". For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape at 10.30 a.m., during which the positive and negative sides of slate quarrying will be explained.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. Because safety comes first, many airports are blind to this danger and would have to use binoculars to detect drones in the vicinity. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
On Monday, the Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. She announced her second album, titled "Medusa". The new album will be released on December 11th.
In Gossau, a woman left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down. At that moment, a motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. He was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. According to the police, there was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher. "The location was too weak for the bank to use," says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: Parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, is expected to be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. But nobody expected the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. Experts praise him for his digitization experience.
Pfizer was playing "corrupt games," Donald Trump said at a press conference in the White House on Friday. The president believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thieves acted similarly. The perpetrators were probably very well organized.
Thank you for participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, a 36-year-old Globegarden daycare worker was observed by a work colleague in Allschwil when he "crossed borders in the sexual area". The accused is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. If found guilty, the 36-year-old faces up to ten years in prison. In the event of a conviction, there is also a risk of a lifelong ban on any professional or organized non-professional activity that involves regular contact with minors. In addition, the German citizen is threatened with expulsion from the country for several years.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you. Since swimming is not an issue for Martullo-Blocher, the moderator would like to know which sport or which hobbies she pursues.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers visitors a night under the stars. The idea for this came from the son of organic farmer Sepp Schuler. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time. Now she's back with new Insta image feed and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs.
The Queen's London estate is now looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
Reto M.*, a service engineer, lost his driver's license. He had to undergo surgery and wear a device that measures his heart activity for a year and a half. In the end, the procedure lasted 2.5 years and cost M.* more than 6,500 francs. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. Caroni wants to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. The Roadcross organization, on the other hand, has concerns: "We are definitely in favor of people who are affected by a driver's license withdrawal being given a fair process and having the opportunity to defend themselves," says media spokesman Mike Egle.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final?
Australian filmmakers are relocating to the country. Marvel superheroes Chris Hemsworth and Chris Pratt are already filming in Australia. The Australian government has pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. But even outside of the Marvel Universe, numerous other major productions are currently relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz is worried about his Audi Q5. He was told it was stolen in the Emmental. "At first I was happy, but then I was told it was involved in an accident. It was a total loss". Worse still, the man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized. The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The details are currently the subject of investigations".
Mike was a parasite. He stole from her and stole from her. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. It takes us to impressive locations, including the depths of the ocean, to the contaminated zone of Fukushima and into space. A film as a research trip, that's what drove Bauder: "We have information that didn't exist years ago. So how can I network this information and get people out of their passivity?" Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst. The documentary illuminates how sustainable, positive change works can and looks to the future: What will future societies think about us? The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016.
Every second woman in Switzerland is sent unsolicited penis pictures. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder (CSU) has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The Free State, headed by the CSU Prime Minister, is following a strict course in the fight against the corona virus. Söder had pushed the tests on the highways and at train stations And so the criticism of his person and the government was not long in coming. Ludwig Hartmann, the leader of the Greens in the state parliament, spoke of "blatant government failure" and FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen tweeted: "Söder's staging as a corona model student is increasingly getting cracks".
The 16 Bernese who were evicted after the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. Single judge Bettina Bochsler justified the partial acquittal of the occupiers by saying that it was unclear which people were specifically involved in the violence against the officers. The Bern canton police also failed to give non-participants a deadline to leave the building.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits, as reported by the SRF regional journal. The regional journal also spoke to psychologist Diana Vorpe from the Basel-Stadt family counseling service.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
The Polish workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The government of Mauritius has failed completely. Measures should have been taken much earlier. The locals took the initiative, says Valeria Ivic. They used hair and textiles as a makeshift and sugar cane as a tool and barricade: This cleans the water and prevents the oil from spreading further.
The SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received over 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. She is now following alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day. The director of the English health service NHS intervened: Professor Stephen Powis told the BBC that "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend". Nevertheless, "influencers who use social media in particular should treat the topic seriously and exercise their duty of care".
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law.
The higher court in Aargau ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "Now the necessary steps must be taken so that non-binary people can also register correctly in Switzerland," says Marianne Aeberhard, project manager at the association "humanrights.ch - Human Rights Switzerland". "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool".
In Alpha Tauri, Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the safety bladder. The investigation also revealed that various technical things in the car saved Grosjean's life and cushioned the force of the impact.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a goalie in an ice hockey goal. He's trained like this for the Tokyo Olympics.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman. Holland was worried at first, he tells EW.com. "How are these guys going to make the leap from the biggest movie of all time to a little movie like this?"
On Monday a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. After an initial clarification, the police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute. The defusers also had a transport container for dangerous objects with them. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
A new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
The use of smartphones is often limited, especially in large stores, as the "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) found in a test in various stores of major retailers. For example, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m. The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles.
Timea Bacsinszky announced her resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old has had enough of top tennis. She also thanks her family and friends in her posts on Instagram. During her career, Bacsinszky won the WTA titles in Luxembourg (2009), Acapulco and Monterrey (both Mexico 2015) and Rabat (Morocco 2016). She also won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017. Above all, the legendary game against Serena Williams remains unforgotten.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Björn Kuipers will be the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert. It is the second international final for Kuipers. In 2014 he officiated the final in the Champions League.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. According to the response from the Bern government council, the Kapo is aware of individual employees who made racist and right-wing extremist statements on social media. However, there can hardly be any talk of a mass problem - because the cantonal police in Bern employ around 2,500 police officers. It is now being demanded that racism be addressed more intensively by the police, including in the field of training. "Police officers should be encouraged to address and report wrongful acts and statements by their colleagues instead of covering up them," says Councilor Christa Ammann of the Alternative Left.