I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings.
Genetic testing can be used to find out where your father came from. It is possible to send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household employees take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit's shutdown time is not credited to Clever Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The aim of the regulation is to spread the financial damage caused by the pandemic over a longer period of time.
Irina Shayk (35) and Kanye West (43) are rumored to have dined together. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September. The family wants to find the owner of the carousel horse.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th. On December 30, 2020, there were still 119 people. 21 people had to be ventilated on Monday. Of the 49 available intensive care beds, 43 were occupied at 7 a.m. on Monday morning, which corresponds to an occupancy rate of 88 percent. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them).
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
The German private broadcaster RTL reported last Sunday from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. A media spokeswoman told the newspaper as follows: "Our reporter's actions clearly contradict journalistic principles and our own standards. We therefore gave her leave on Monday immediately after we found out about it."
Cyber attacks on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil have paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. Against the overpowering Ajax Amsterdam, it sets off two bankruptcies for the Bernese. The victories of Slavia Prague (against Rangers) and Dinamo Zagreb (against Tottenham) ensure that the Czech Republic and Croatia overtake Switzerland in the five-year standings.
Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in Atlanta may have been planning further attacks. The suspect was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian-American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
Apple's M1 chips are causing a stir in security circles. The malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. Security researchers are still trying to understand what the malware can do. It is also interesting that the malware has a self-destruct mechanism. After it became known, Apple reacted. The certificates of the developer accounts used to sign the malware packages have been removed.
A man from Eritrea was caught on a bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked two inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop. The man from Eritrea then wanted to evade control and physically attacked the two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed.
Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy. The company Best of Swiss Gastro uses it to finance the project. 70 restaurants throughout Switzerland are currently involved in the campaign. The industry association Gastrosuisse did not want to comment on crowdfunding when asked by 20 minutes.
On Sunday, thousands of people took to the streets in Lausanne. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Marco Rima (59) criticized Corona measures on social media. He recently spoke up in a comment on Facebook. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday. According to initial findings, the car caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
15 people have left a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. Scientists had already entered the cave on Friday to tell the group that they would be coming out soon. Some looked tired, but two-thirds said they would like to stay a little longer to complete group projects exploring the cave, said Benoit Mauvieux, one of the researchers involved.
The first stage of the Tour de France in Nice leads from Nice over 198 kilometers to Sisteron. After the opening weekend in Nice, the tour leaves the town on the Cote d'Azur on Monday. The 3rd stage on Monday leads from Nice over 198 kilometers to Sisteron. Whether the entourage will even arrive in Paris on September 20 because of the corona pandemic is completely open.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrated his 21st win in 21 fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate". Finally, Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, circumcision of boys has been officially banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. "From a purely objective point of view" one could regard a boy's circumcision as "simple bodily harm". However, since the state is officially only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel chips are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. But not everyone is so harsh on the new Zweifel chips: "The bacon and egg chips taste a bit like sulphur, but they're not bad," says Ken, 33, in a 20-minute street poll.
Because they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs - "We are guilty in the sense that we violated compulsory schooling, but we found the amount of the fine to be inappropriate," said the father to 20 minutes.
The most accurate Swiss footballers in 2021 are Haris Seferovic and Cephas Malele. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. The striker is the second most dangerous Swiss footballer this year.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has been locked. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. The retailer wants to reassure consumers. In the next few days, customers with full collection books should be able to order the products online and pick them up in the branches using a pick-up truck.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law. The law, which was pushed by the right-wing nationalist government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, had been massively criticized abroad.
"Domina" is a Swiss-Swiss comedy series. The series will be set in Switzerland and will be broadcast in English and German. The series will be shot on June 3rd in Switzerland.
The Austrian National Council on Thursday held a debate on the controversial Corona test. In his contribution to the debate, Michael Schnedlitz tried to prove that simple cola produces a positive result in the rapid corona tests and that the entire mass corona tests are therefore worthless. "The government spends tens of millions of taxpayers' money on such tests and tests. In principle, this is a pure, massive redistribution of taxpayers' money in the direction of the pharmaceutical industry," said Schnedlitz. Politicians from the opposition party also make fun of FPÖ General Secretary Schnedlitz.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity. So far, 28.8 percent of the population have had themselves vaccinated twice.
Swiss Covid is available for download in the Apple Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter, visited Kanye West's studio in Scharans GR. The two played a board game together. "The game is a collapsible travel version of 'Kalaha'," says Bardill. Kanye West has not forgotten the main reason for his visit to Scharans GR. He said to Bardill's house: "It's very minimalistic". For Bardill, working with architect Olgiati makes sense.
A mentally ill man started a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. He was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. The man is arrested the next day.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative.
The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker Ermedin Demirovic scored three goals in the Bundesliga. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen arrived in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg. Which he also confirms. "I like it here very, very much," said the striker. "I also feel at home, generally just very well. That's also because the team harmonizes really well." The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements. He has scored three goals so far and prepared seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker and laughs.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new "Fear Street" trilogy. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it.
On Monday, on International Women's Day, activists gathered on Zurich's Helvetiaplatz after the "Feminist Strike Collective" had been called. The illegal event was quickly broken up by a large police presence. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. "We are tired of experiencing violence on a daily basis, even as we stand up against violence against ourselves," writes the "Feminist Strike Collective" on social media.
The low "Gudrun" has already passed over western Switzerland, in the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn. There are heavy downpours and thunderstorms, as Meteonews writes. The change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
The Digital Days will take place from November 1st to 3rd, 2020 in Switzerland. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, she lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Youtuber Nikki Phillippi and her husband are currently facing a lot of criticism. The reason is that the couple had their dog Bowser, a bull terrier, put down. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki Phillippi uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A man in Sri Lanka has found a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers hit a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, authorities said on Sunday.
In Konstanz (D), several parcels have not arrived at recipients. The police started an investigation and came across a gang of parcel thieves. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. The motive of the three alleged perpetrators is still unclear. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. The BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the quarantine list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. In the five years as a CS manager, the Ivorian is said to have had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". The "New York Times" writes in a detailed article.
The thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That's why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
Team games are banned, a mask must be worn at all times and going out has become rarer: strict measures have been in place inside the military barracks for months. In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is now starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July.
Luxury playhouses for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression. "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel. There, too, people remain silent: Georges-André Lozouet, media spokesman for the Neuchâtel cantonal police, cannot reveal how many police officers will be on site due to the strategic planning. "However, the demonstration has been approved by the city," says Lozouet. The "Freiheitstrychler" movement was also announced for Saturday in Neuchâtel. The Aargau cantonal police confiscated some of their bells, for which the "freedom trychlers" are known, at the Corona demonstration two weeks ago in Aarau.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
A 19-year-old from St. Gallen drove in a Mercedes and crashed it. The driver fled. The teenager had drunk copious amounts of alcohol and violated various traffic regulations. According to the city police, investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. Once these are completed, the case goes to the prosecutor's office. The road traffic office is also informed. As a result, the teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash. The flight guidance was highly risky.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was shot, condemns the act in the strongest possible terms.
Jeff Bridges announced the shocking news of his cancer in October, and now the 71-year-old has shared positive news. On his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there. The goal is that the hall can be used again without restrictions after the summer holidays at the latest.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on the festival's social media channels. In the posts, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. Over the past few days, the Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. The canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. But to what extent would the situation have to get worse for the obligation to have a certificate in restaurants or cinemas in the canton of Bern to become an issue? "We are clarifying these indicators, since the number of cases does not currently seem to be the best indicator, even with hospital and ICU beds remaining free," says Giebel. It will be based on various key figures such as the positivity rate or results from mass tests in schools.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual. In Sri Lanka, many people still believe in magic. They assume that this will heal them from ailments, or help to solve family disputes and financial problems, among other things.
Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been on fire for the third time. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary".
A road rescue course was held in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well".
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review.
Rolf Sieber (65) complains about the noise on the Bahnhofstrasse in Widnau SG. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, he is demanding that a joint be repaired after the frost period.
A woman on Facebook posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, and her make-up artist James Turrell (77), have created a work of art in her bedroom. It's a work of art by the Englishwoman Tracey Emin, who lives in a tiny apartment where even a single bed doesn't fit. We don't want to accuse anyone of anything here, but we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5. We're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
On November 9th, the US presidential election was declared by Donald Trump. Social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked on the social media platform Parler. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Rapper Cardi B (28) takes on Peppa Pig on Twitter. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
It is not yet possible to estimate the long-term consequences of an infection with the novel corona virus. We simply haven't known the virus long enough for that. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. As Valentina Puntmann's team writes in the journal "Jama Cardiology", heart damage was detected in a large proportion of the ex-Covid patients examined.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called, they decided to make a series about them and didn't give up. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back". Together, the two find out that they are stuck in an endless loop and have an infinite amount of time at their disposal. Through small things that they discover in their environment, they want to make their days together as perfect as possible.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness should draw attention to. Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta (and also called Stefani in the documentary), reflects: "I was only 19 years old and I was working in the (music) industry. A producer asked me to undress ". When her answer was "no, the terrible act happened that will probably accompany the singer for the rest of her life. He threatened to burn all of her music.
Nina Christen is a three-position champion. The 27-year-old is on course for a medal, although it is her weakest sub-discipline. Once again, the 27-year-old proves her strong nerves and pushes herself forward with every shot. After three of five series, the bronze winner over ten meters is suddenly on the silver rank. Shortly thereafter, Christen even leads the field.
More than a million corona cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th. The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Director Frederike Migom is fascinated by courageous characters, especially children who fight for what is due to them. "They have a voice that deserves to be heard - if only someone would hand them the microphone," she explains in a press statement.
In the current episode "Fernweh" you can hear about how Ennie experienced a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona is dead. Thousands of people around the world mourn the death of the Argentine legend. The Argentine government has ordered three days of national mourning.
The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
In the annual table for 2021, FC Basel is second to last in this ranking. FCB was able to win a total of ten points in nine games this year. Bottom is the other big crisis club - FC Sion. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. The annual table 2021 1. YB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
In 2016 a photo of a nine-year-old Afghan boy went viral. He was wearing a jersey worn by his idol, Lionel Messi. Murtuza's father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The family had previously applied for asylum in Pakistan, but this was not approved due to lack of funds.
On Valentine's Day, couples and relationship experts team up to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love. You can find the questions in the photo gallery. By means of individual settings, each user can decide how they want to use Tinder's video function. According to Tinder, you don't have to worry about unwanted calls. Both parties must agree to the video call.
The Federal Council announced the relaxation of the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
In Zug, several other cantons are affected by the corona virus. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the newspaper, without naming individual countries. The canton doctors warned of caution when traveling abroad.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg analyzed the consumption of young people aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year. As a place of social contact, the educational institutions are enormously important for the psychological and social well-being of young people.
A 19-year-old ex-employee who shot eight people in a Fedex distribution center in Indianapolis has been arrested. The police have identified the shooter as 19-year-old Brandon Hole.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together".
On Tuesday, the Federal Council estimated the R value for December 4th, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The most important answers to the R value chaos: According to Tanja Stadler, the vast majority of cantons have an R value higher than 0.8.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
A 29-year-old man was found dead in his apartment when his mother was stabbed to death. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
The pandemic has hit many entertainment industries hard. For the games industry, the lockdowns and restrictions on public life imposed worldwide were even a growth driver: global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 for the eighth time. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free. If that's not enough for you, the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team. You can apply to sail under our flag by pressing this button: You have until next Sunday, June 20, at 11:59 p.m. Over at Red Bull you'll find all the information you need, as well as the rules for the flight day. You can also apply without our blessing and a fixed starting place, but remember: that would hurt our feelings.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago. When asked if he wanted to run again with his running mate, Kamala Harris, as running mate, Biden said he expected that too.
If the pesticide initiative is accepted, food safety in Switzerland will decrease and food-borne illnesses can increase, warns the "SonntagsZeitung". For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
The sun shines through the Martinsloch onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Now she announced her second album on December 11th. It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
A 58-year-old woman was driving on St. Gallerstrasse in Gossau. While driving, she noticed that she had left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench was partly in the shade of the trees and thus caused a lot of ridicule on social media.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday.
Reto Moser is proud of his son. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony suffered a setback. The parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). Carrosserie Suisse defends itself against Moser's allegations in a written statement. The association also asserts that it cannot dispose of its expenses as it pleases: "Because we are a subsidized company, we cannot use our financial resources freely, but may only use them for specific purposes". It should not go unmentioned that despite the pandemic and the associated uncertainty, we are able to offer a graduation ceremony. "Until three weeks ago it was not certain whether a celebration could be held at all". Carrosserie Suisse is just as proud of the apprenticeship graduates who "successfully passed the qualification procedures despite the difficult conditions".
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
There has long been speculation as to who will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS). Ex-National Bank President Philipp Hildebrand is said to have been shortlisted. But nobody expected the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. On Tuesday, the big bank announced that it intends to propose 56-year-old Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, to its shareholders at the general meeting at the end of April as chairman of the board. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. "Urs Rohner surprised everyone with this unexpected choice, but created good conditions for a sovereign transition," says banking expert Adriano Lucatelli, founder of the financial service provider Descartes Finance and ex-manager of CS and UBS, to 20 minutes. Horta-Osório is a top manager who, with over 30 years of experience, covers all important business areas of CS: The private customer business, because he comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011.
Donald Trump believes that Pfizer deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a coronavirus vaccine. According to the president, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
A series of GPS devices were stolen from tractors in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thefts have a total value of several tens of thousands of francs. A criminal organization is behind the thefts that are specifically targeting the GPS devices. However, it is very unlikely that the devices will be sold again as a second-hand in Switzerland.
Thank you for participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a drunk driver drove down the street in his car. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, a 36-year-old employee of the Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil was arrested. He was accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. The accused, who was head of the day-care center at the time, was dismissed without notice.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has been a successful entrepreneur and politician since she was born in Zurich. She still likes to dance on occasions, preferably with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers a night under the stars. The idea came from the son of organic farmer Sepp Schuler. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs.
The Duke and Duchess of England are now looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment. The salary is also not noted, although in the past for a comparable position you usually received an initial salary of between 25,000 and 32,000 francs per year.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
The Road Traffic Office orders a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. Caroni wants to use a political initiative to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months. What must not happen, however, is that people whose driver's license is revoked are given a "loophole": "It must be ensured that people whose license is revoked are not on the road again before the final decision is made."
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian film productions are relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. Oscar winner Julia Roberts (53), for example, will probably stay in the southern hemisphere for a while. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday morning, news scout Toni Kurz has driven to work. He saw an obviously stolen bike next to the parking lot. The 27-year-old immediately alerted Kapo Bern: "I've only had the Audi Q5 for two years. The new value of the car was around CHF 100,000." The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.
Mike was a parasite. He stole from me. Mike and Serena have been together for decades. Serena is now single and childless. Mike took all of that from her that night. "When I met Mike, I was working as a broker in Germany. The job was great, but I felt lonely. That's when Mike and I started chatting online. He was sweet, funny, intelligent - and incredibly bold. But I only realized that later. Mike was never violent, but he stole from me. Today I could slap myself for seeing him like that. I think he was afraid that his lie would be noticed and saw killing me as the easiest solution. After the court hearing, I found out that on the day of the crime he told someone about his great life and the great apartment in Zurich. He didn't mention that this was my apartment and that he lived in it with me. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. The story takes place in summery New York, and the focus is on the bodega owner Usnavi (Anthony Ramos). He saves as much as he can to make his wish come true: Usnavi dreams of a better life in his homeland, the Dominican Republic. Who would want to live next to the stinking Olchis? Nobody - that's why the search for a new home is difficult for Mama (voiced by Annemarie Carpendale) and Papa Olchi (Wayne Carpendale). But when the family dragon Firechair crashes, they and their children end up in a garbage dump - the ideal home where they work on a machine designed to neutralize the smell of garbage.
In Switzerland, every second woman is sent unsolicited penis pictures. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt".
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking during pregnancy. The ministry has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking. Out of 1,000 women offered shopping vouchers, 177 would quit smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder canceled his trip to the North Sea. The Free State, headed by the CSU Prime Minister, is following a strict course in the fight against the corona virus. Söder had pushed the tests on the highways and at train stations And so the criticism of his person and the government was not long in coming. Ludwig Hartmann, the leader of the Greens in the state parliament, spoke of "blatant government failure" and FDP parliamentary group leader Martin Hagen tweeted: "Söder's staging as a corona model student is increasingly getting cracks".
After the eviction of an occupation in Bern, 16 Bernese were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern police director is "amazed" by the outcome of the process.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
Polish construction workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The oil debacle in Mauritius is causing further uncertainty in the tourism industry. Local people fear for their livelihood: A border opening after the Corona lockdown was announced for September - but now the oil debacle is causing further uncertainty in the tourism industry. The Swiss emigrated to Mauritius almost two years ago. She, other residents and several environmental organizations have sharply criticized the Mauritius authorities. Because: the state did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground. "I cannot explain why nothing was done. Perhaps the danger was not taken seriously enough," says the real estate agent.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino and Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The SBB explains that it will not advertise the extra trains, but will draw attention to the protection concepts.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far, the police said on Monday morning. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
On Tuesday, Gwyneth Paltrow promoted alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. The 48-year-old actress recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. She is following the doctor's advice on a ketogenic diet, which includes fasting for up to eleven hours a day.
"You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold". "I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland and the European Union (EU) have reached a framework agreement with Brussels. The agreement would have fundamentally changed the relationship between Switzerland and the EU (see box). The negotiations on the framework agreement came about because the EU only wanted to conclude future agreements on Switzerland's market access to the Union's internal market on the basis of a framework agreement to be concluded beforehand.
The Swiss High Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted.
Just seconds after the start of the race, Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. After anxious seconds of waiting, however, Grosjean got out of the car and was able to save himself from the fire inferno. But how did this horror crash come about? An investigation by the safety department of the FIA clarified exactly this question.
A Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They then came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is fencing in an ice hockey goal. He uses his sword to fend off pucks from a machine. The video is not a show, he benefits from this training: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and relax".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. "Yes Day" will be available on Netflix from March 12th.
On Monday a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute. The defusers also had a transport container for dangerous objects with them. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
A new Netflix series will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. "Money Heist" tells the story of three women who are victims of human trafficking. "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off and she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In some shops, cell phones are not available. In other stores, the reception is poor. Migros and Coop reject this, but consumer protection was already looking for jammers that cut off the normal network connection in favor of the WLAN in the store. Lidl seems to be more consistent here: According to spokesman Mathias Kaufmann, the company has made improvements in the branches where poor cell phone reception was measured and installed repeaters or its own radio cells.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m., as Hanspeter Krüsi, spokesman for the St. Gallen canton police, confirmed a report from nau.ch. It was a self-accident. No other vehicles were involved. Army spokeswoman Delphine Allemand also confirmed the accident on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking Swiss has had enough of top tennis. She also won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey (see box), almost every tenth Swiss person has had an STD at least once. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day. Reader KB* (36): "I got infected with HPV (editor's note: human papilloma virus). When I once had a tiny injury on my penis, an HPV wart grew right next to the frenulum of the foreskin. This was lasered away. Since there were fears that the laser would cause scarring and thus shorten the frenulum, the so-called frenulum, i.e. the frenulum of the foreskin, was severed".
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the European Championship final. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder.
Some Bernese police officers shared racist content on social media. The Bern police corps made negative headlines last week. According to the response from the Bern government council, which was only published a few weeks ago, the Kapo is aware of individual employees who made racist and right-wing extremist statements on social media. However, there can hardly be any talk of a mass problem - because the cantonal police in Bern employ around 2,500 police officers. It is now being demanded that racism be addressed more intensively by the police, including in the field of training.