The musical "Journey around the World" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. "Journey around the World" is based on a novel by Jules Vernes. It is a trip around the world in 80 days or how many operas fit into a musical? The musical will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids met the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it quickly became clear that this musical should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature. Jules Verne's hero Phileas Fogg meets operatic emotions. With his servant Passepartout he ends up in Paris at the party of the Merry Widow Hanna Glawari, in Rome Tosca falls into his arms, in Beijing Turandot wants to have his head beheaded and he only manages to get back to England across the Atlantic with the help of the Flying Dutchman.
The Upper Austrian baker will open a social bakery next week in Vienna. In the social bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Helmut Gragger. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. How is Chorherr happy to be a baker, allowed to build something, to be allowed to create a place that has a bigger goal - namely education and training - is great joy. The former politician will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Helmut Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than two decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Helmut Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Upper Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years." An employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the social bakery in the Nordbahnviertel: "When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone just wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without the customers noticing that we're training. It is Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal.
The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, was with Donald Trump in the US. The Austrian Chancellor is known to be tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States simply being cheated by the global rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House. Trevor Traina, the Ambassador to Austria, described the talks in the White House as "exactly as one has always heard about him". Traina believes that the Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, is an interesting and potentially important role for the President in the current crisis between the US and Europe. Traina said that the President had expressed his wishes for Europe to the Austrian Chancellor, and hoped "that Kurz could organize an answer". Because the negotiations are currently mainly about threats. The USA is considering punitive tariffs for European cars. A measure that "can cost thousands of jobs in Austria almost every second," warns the Austrian Chancellor. It remains to be seen whether this will actually help to avert the impending trade war, but at least there is new hope that on both sides of the Atlantic "the negotiations will be given another chance", as Kurz emphasized. To read: Kurz and Trump in the live ticker
Worm diseases are on the rise in Austria. Because of the warmer temperatures, former travel sicknesses are also becoming common here, says the veterinarian Katharina Reitl. The veterinarian explains how dangerous the parasites are and what protects dogs and cats. Worms often need an intermediate host. Mosquitoes often fulfill this function in the cycle of nature. Because of the mild winters and the long summers, the risk of transmission increases, says Reitl. When a mosquito sucks the blood of an infected animal, it ingests the worm larvae. With the next sting, she carries the worm to a new host. Eyeworm The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the eyeworm. If left untreated, the patient can not be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm The skinworms, which are up to 15 cm long, form small knots in the skin. The heartworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years.
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man who was responsive out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned 3 traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s: the red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, namely exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer: If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop; if they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the implementation: three weeks after the traffic light was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty. Westminster sank again into traffic chaos. But the story of the traffic light had only just begun. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber is the new party chairman of the Carinthian ÖVP. He was elected in the board meeting with only one dissenting vote. He will then be finally chosen at a state party conference. Gruber earned his first spurs in the state government as a personal advisor to Josef Martinz. In 2009, at the age of 25, he was elected mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She lives in the German town of Pinneberg and has Down syndrome. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own new ID card that does her justice. She is being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, the girl noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID document. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted there. With the card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of wealthy industrialists. He worked as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945, he was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared Raoul Wallenberg dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. However, it is known from secure sources that Raoul Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947. It is still unclear why Wallenberg was arrested by the Soviet Union, and there is no information about the place, time and cause of his death. There has been enough speculation in the past few decades. Witnesses said they saw him or knew where he was buried. None of this proved tenable. For the large Wallenberg family, this was a trauma that lasted for generations. In the spring, a family member applied for an official death certificate. Nobody answered. The fact that Wallenberg was now entered in the death register is understandable and legitimate from the point of view of historians. After all, relatives can assert inheritance and pension claims. And that would certainly work even better if at some point the circumstances of his death came to light.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has published a report on the health of men. The report shows that men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer.
In the run-up to Christmas, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products. Experts say that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
The panda bears are the first animals to be seen in Vienna's Schönbrunn Zoo. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. The panda bears are also the first animals to be seen in persons. The panda bears are very eager and climb a lot, unlike what was experienced in the morning. But mother Yang Yang is always vigilant when her twins go exploring: "She makes sure that nothing happens to her children," says zoologist Samek. The fact that the two are developing so well is not least due to the nutrition of their panda mother. The panda mother eats 30 kilograms of the panda bear every day. The twins are still far away from the crowd. They currently swallow a few leaves at most. And another tip for all visitors: the female panda can be recognized by her narrow band.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a re-structuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market" (Campus Verlag). KURIER: A new start at 50 – opportunity or burden? Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not very resilient or often ill, inflexible and not very willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way.
Andreas Gruber works for the Red Cross in Güssing since 2004. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber. Around 2,500 times a year, the first responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the 3 tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. Meeting Zone The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. "But first I have to improve my German skills". Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay here." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." Project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners, pensioners from many different countries, from all cultures. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here." The Vienna station organized the first "Mama Learns German" courses 15 years ago. Today they are available in cooperation with municipal kindergartens throughout Vienna. The language café was set up 3 years ago. "Because course participants complained to us that they learned German but didn't know anyone with whom they could speak German," explains Niklas. The association does not want to make any money with the language café. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cake. The cake is affordable at 1 euro each. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say." The feeling with which Elisabeth Smejkal goes home at the end is also nice: "I used my free time wisely. And I was able to help other people to find their way around better in a foreign environment."
The panda twins in the Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The panda twins are a boy and a girl. They are already a mother of five. The first offspring was born in 2007 - it was Fu Long. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. All three males now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock, but can sleep next to Yang Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat. Video Schönbrunn Zoo has its own YouTube channel. At birth, the twins were around ten centimeters tall and weighed around 100 grams. Both now weigh about 1 kilogram and are estimated to be 35 centimeters long from the tip of the nose to the tip of the tail. There are no exact dates yet, because the animal keepers are still only observing the animals in the whelping box. They see that mother Yang Yang is caring for both of them and can already tell the twins apart.
A 41-year-old driver from the Amstetten district let a ten-year-old boy drive his truck on the A1 in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height. The father had filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25, but the 41-year-old from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father. The chauffeur is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering physical safety and negligent endangerment of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St. Pölten and the responsible district administration authority.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and seven defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
The National Council of the Austrian Republic of Austria has decided that the Austrian health insurance funds will be merged into one Austrian health insurance fund. The health insurance funds will be created from the commercial and rural social insurance and the civil servants will be merged with the railway workers. In terms of power politics, the structure changes insofar as the position of the employer in the committees of the new social security system is reduced. The main association of social security institutions is reduced in importance, but now retains a fixed chairman. The decision on Thursday eliminated the provision that was only passed by the National Council in November. It was heavily criticized by the opposition. The SPÖ considers the measures to be extremely dangerous, while the coalition sees the Austrians as winners. The SPÖ considers the measures to be extremely dangerous, while the Austrians sees the Austrians as winners.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench. The body reacts to heavy training by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she says in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. "However, if you train hard, things need to be washed every time."
The Austrian government passed several laws in the National Council in 2018. Some of them are highly controversial. The most controversial are the "location-relevant" and "in the public interest" laws. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and critical large-scale projects are pushed through. For example, if a construction project can be started after 18 months without a permit, it will be cancelled. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and critical large-scale projects are pushed through. For example, if a project can be started after 18 months without a permit, then it will be cancelled. For example, if a project can be started after 18 months without a permit, then it will be cancelled. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. However, environmental organizations are also critical of the amended law. Global 2000 believes that ending the EIA in the first instance by setting a deadline is not a solution to fundamental legal problems.
Rudolf Greul is the so-called "Refugee Contact Officer" of the refugee accommodation in Grosse Stadtgutgasse. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers, interpreters and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers, interpreters and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are also the contacts for the supervisors, social workers, interpreters and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. Rudolf Greul is the refugee contact officer of 6 refugee homes. Twice a week he drops in on Grosse Stadtgutgasse and asks if anything has happened. He says it doesn't happen very much, says Rudolf Greul. In the ten months that he was assigned to the refugee home as a refugee officer, there were 4 violent clashes and one case of property damage. There are 45 very pubescent young people. That's also on every school course. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus" again, says Rudolf Greul. However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are particularly prone to violence. "They are no more conspicuous than our children," he says. However, many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee home, there are 20 refugees over the age of 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school. "99 percent of my work is preventive," says Rudolf Greul. "A lot is nipped in the bud." There are no major difficulties in any of "his" refugee homes. His presence alone has a positive effect. After all, hardly anyone would start fighting if a police officer was standing next to them. "I'm sort of the blue light here," says Rudolf Greul. When he's called, it's usually because bodily harm, fights, property damage and occasionally because of minor drug-related offences.
A recent study in Brazilian countries has confirmed the effectiveness of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both also received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients filled out a headache diary after 1 hour, after 1 hour, and after 2 hours. The intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours. Above all, the ginger had a soothing effect on the pain and the functionality of the patients - for example, those affected were more responsive if they held ginger than those affected who only got through their migraine attacks with ketoprofen and placebo.
On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments in Vienna. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. If you want to look at several objects in the course of a walk, you have to put them together yourself. Info: All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at Secret Vienna "The Secrets of the Fiacre", "The Weana G'miat" or "The Haunted Habsburgs" are the names of the tours offered by the Viennese tourist guides at Secret Vienna. There are classic and spooky tours to choose from in multiple languages. Info: Dates and prices at www.secretvienna.at Vienna Guide The mottos of some tours have it all: “High in Vienna. From magic and witch drugs to hemp, a cultural history of Vienna”. But there is also a more classic way, for example with the third man tour. Info: www.wienguide.at Vienna Guide The mottos of some tours have it all: “High in Vienna. From magic and witch drugs to hemp, a cultural history of Vienna”. But there is also a more classic way, for example with the third man tour.
Judges, civil servants and employees will be cut The courts and public prosecutor's offices are not only to be cut further positions of civil servants and contract employees (82 this year, 88 plus another 46 in 2019). Judges, civil servants and employees are also affected by the planned cuts. The representatives of the profession hope that this will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the expected broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures. Because with the planned cuts, the courts could not maintain their services and quality to the extent planned. The police force will be increased at the same time, which would mean more reports and more work for the criminal courts. There is also a risk of an extension for asylum procedures.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also made the same mistake. On Shrove Tuesday at 2:00 a.m. Strache put a photo-montage with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit. The two agreed out of court.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten is closed for 20.4 days in Austria. According to Statistics Austria, the care facilities in Burgenland are closed the most in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is eleven days. The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for 5 days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach. Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for four weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother. Cooperation Mayors Leo Radakovits from Güttenbach and Thomas Novoszel from Neuberg, both ÖVP, started planning at the beginning of the year. "Our kindergartens are only 2 kilometers away as the crow flies," says Novoszel. So the cooperation is a logical step. The educators of the two communities coordinated. The employees in Neuberg had vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. "So we only have one week without care and there are no additional costs for the parents or the communities," says Radakovits.
A study shows that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If women were physically fit, they would be at the age of 90 instead of 79. If they were not physically fit, they would be at the age of 90 instead of 79. The results are exciting because it is possible that improving fitness in middle age can delay or even prevent the onset of dementia. However, more research is needed for this.
The ice shelf in Antarctica is about 5,000 square kilometers. It is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice shelf. The ice shelf is about 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The scientists believe that the ice shelf is not caused by climate change. The scientists fear that the ice shelf will continue to calve and become unstable in the long term. They also fear that the ice shelf could also make the ice shelf more sensitive to global warming. Experts refer to floating ice masses that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of four distinct areas. Larsen C is the largest. According to the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, which also conducts research in polar regions, the ice shelves A and B disintegrated a few years ago.
The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed. The rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches. The background to the development of the Floating Farm lies in the increasing scarcity of arable land, the growing world population and the climate crisis. Rotterdam is struggling with rising sea levels and heavier rainfall. Building a floating farm can ensure food production during floods. The project was financed by private investors, and a floating chicken farm and a floating greenhouse are being planned. Tip: You can find more information about the floating cowshed here.
In the spring of 2017, New Yorkers will be able to drink alcoholic drinks. New Yorkers are already talking about the new Kombucha. The Kombucha is a soft drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and lemon juice. It is said to boost the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many soft drinks. And with a dash of gin, the vinegar drink really has summer drink potential. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol, this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate".
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least three deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
The shiitake mushroom is very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerve and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The copper it contains - 100 grams contain 30 percent of the daily requirement. The shiitake mushrooms also promote strong and shiny hair. Vitamin D, which many people do not have enough, can be absorbed not only from the sun but also from shiitake mushrooms. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms already cover 40 percent of the daily requirement. Numerous positive influences on the immune system have been demonstrated for shiitake mushrooms. Shiitake dermatitis When buying the mushrooms, make sure that they look plump and juicy. Cracks and stains on the shiitake cap are normal features and do not indicate poor quality. Fresh shiitake mushrooms can be stored in the refrigerator for about 5 to 7 days. Only very few cases of shiitake dermatitis are known in Germany. It can also occur if the mushrooms have been well cooked. If a skin rash occurs after consumption, the mushrooms should be avoided.
Vienna is one of the unfriendliest cities in the world for people who work and live abroad. This is revealed by the "Expat City Ranking 2018" with more than 18,000 people surveyed who work and live abroad. In the overall ranking, Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of the people surveyed said it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that people in Vienna have found it easier to make new friends.
Some make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and still others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia - and not just in the Thai hotspots of European winter refugees. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on that day in another country, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Of course there are certain limitations. Instead of Christmas carp, chicken is the order of the day in the sushi paradise. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. This applies to almost all regions of the world. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, 8 times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of the festival as the gifts for the children.
In the new year, there will be a change in the teacher training courses at teacher training colleges and universities. The change will mean that young scientists will be able to transfer to the professorship faster. The new system allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. In the future, exceptions will only be possible for medicine, veterinary medicine and psychology by regulations of the respective university. However, there is a transition period until the next academic year, which the universities of Vienna and Graz, among others, make use of. Only those who pass all the exams in the introductory phase are allowed to continue studying. The elections will take place in May or June. Young Scientists Changes are coming into effect in the personnel area, which should enable young scientists to pursue a long career up to and including a professorship. To do this, selection procedures must be carried out according to certain quality criteria. Then the way to the professorial curia is open to them.
In Vienna, a separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a broken relationship. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is open to anyone who wants to talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after a break-up. The group members are all in different phases. This is an advantage because they can tell each other how they got there. You can talk about it much more freely and openly in a group. The two experts - Beatrix Roidinger and Sabrina Limbeck - show exercises on the topics of letting go, mindfulness and self-care. For Sabrina Limbeck, the most important thing after a break-up is to learn how to focus on yourself again. It starts with the basic needs, such as cooking something small for yourself instead of ordering a pizza. It's about perceiving yourself as an individual again and saying I'm more than the person you've left.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched on Monday with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 men could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. This number was around 93 percent. But the coming years could bring some support facilities in staff shortages, concerning civil servants. Edtstadler emphasized that the low-birth cohorts are causing a decline in declarations of community service. On the one hand, it is important to ensure that civil servants are deployed where they are actually needed. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for 18 days often results in chain sick leave in practice. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
In the Upper Austria, the state has already installed mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. In the Upper Austria, a gunman took a hostage in the district authority in Klosterneuburg in 2011 and shot a man. In the Upper Austria, the state has not yet installed security checkpoints. In September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, sees himself confirmed. "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, ÖVP. "That has changed fundamentally." The other offices are not ready yet. Not even in Lower Austria, although a gunman took a hostage in the district authority in Klosterneuburg in 2011 and shot a man. "We don't have any airlocks, but we deployed external security personnel to Klosterneuburg and trained the employees in de-escalation," reports Hofrat Gerhard Tretzmüller. There are also alarm switches linked to the police, and pepper spray has been issued. An evaluation of the security measures should be available in the spring. "Dornbirn can then play a role there." In general, the call for more security is getting louder. Alexander Majcan, head of the district authority in Southeast Styria and spokesman for the district authority association, considers locks to be a suitable measure. "That will be an issue at our next meeting."
The Austrian football team won the World Cup with 2:1. It was the fifth win for the team in the history of the ÖFB. The team was Franco Foda. He was the head coach of the Austrian football team. The Austrian football team started without Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities. Only gradually did Austria gain courage and direct the actions more deeply. In the second half, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, but he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target. Austria's team boss Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in central midfield and Alaba on the left. Germany controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria played back to goalie Siebenhandl, whose unsuccessful shot landed on Özil, who thanked him with the 0:1 (11th). Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. Austria took more risk and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and three minutes later Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1 (69th). By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria took the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them celebrated a historic victory.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, said Gerrit Bradnick, the operations manager of the private rescue service.
There are many volunteers at Christmas, for example at the crypt. The City of Vienna has launched an initiative called "Voluntary in Vienna" with a large overview. Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors. But you will certainly find families who are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or especially near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
In the 8th century, the settlement of Birka in Sweden was considered one of the largest Viking settlements. The research team from Stockholm University sequenced the DNA of the buried person and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move. It has been known for a long time that the Vikings women also fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed.
Werner Herics, who has been the top favorite and SPÖ wish for weeks, will become state director of the ORF. He will replace Karlheinz Papst, who was at the helm for 18 years. The previous editor-in-chief, Walter Schneeberger, should remain in his position. However, with the proviso that he proves his "ability to work in a team". That could be an emotionally Herculean task, because 56-year-old Walter Schneeberger from northern Burgenland and 51-year-old Werner Herics from southern Burgenland, who was most recently entrusted with organizing the renovation of the ORF headquarters in Vienna, were already in a competitive relationship in 2001 when Schneeberger became editor-in-chief. In addition, Walter Schneeberger has recently applied for the position of state director.
The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, and the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, will meet again 8 months after their historic meeting in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening at his State of the Union Address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president has met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim said that he is willing to "complete denuclearization". But there were no commitments as to when North Korea intends to completely disarm its nuclear weapons. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War (1950-53) in the summer. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint large-scale military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view: Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here. During the night Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. David Wise won with 97.20 points ahead of Alex Ferreira. Here is an overview of all events on Thursday: In the Olympic live blog you will find out everything about the 13th Olympic Day: Click here for our Olympic Channel!
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday. According to the AMS, most sanctions were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses, almost 7,200 more than in the first half of the year.
Verena Preiner is the winner of the World Cup in Doha, Qatar. The World Cup is a competition for women's athletics. The World Cup is the biggest sporting event in the world. The World Cup is the most successful World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. In sixth place, 34 points behind bronze and with high hopes, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson, while Nafissatou Thiam from Belgium could no longer take silver. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place started. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters over her personal best. Suddenly she was 4th. After that she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost 3 meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said Luiz. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage that all countries in the world will have access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to these basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electrification rate of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity. However, it took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. 45 countries contributed to the costs of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover was already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he just 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark houses. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study from the Berlin Social Science Center and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no research study on the influence of temperature on mental performance. For the new study, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is a private food bank. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. There is also a sewing café and the "Death Café" where people talk about death and life. The Pannonic Table opens its doors six days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas, the children get presents.
Tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people had been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to around 200,000 people. The storm moved northeast, weakening to wind speeds of around 130 kilometers per hour. After Odisha, the storm center was expected in the neighboring state of West Bengal and then in the neighboring country of Bangladesh.
Rosie was homeless when she was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice, she says. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and was imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. Susanne Peter, the social worker at the crypt, helped her find a place to stay. Rosie looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said the sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction". The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the need for a pan-European solution was pushed aside. "A lot of refugees came back in 2004 and 2005 - and we left it to Spain and others at the external borders to deal with it." At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue," Merkel added. "This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders."
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one mixed in Australia, at the US Open and in Wimbledon. As a coach, Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. Mervyn Rose was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Mervyn Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one mixed in Australia. He coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
Christine Lagarde is the first woman to head the European Central Bank. The European Parliament voted in favor of Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret vote, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund, 49 abstained. Christine Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the 63-year-old Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
The Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine recommends that children do not blow their nose too often. This is not only wrong, but can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp, head of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine, explains: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. When an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells that is created by the permanent defensive struggle. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football broadcasts on television. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear the phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where the use of handkerchiefs is frowned upon in society and is considered taboo. Instead, sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. "This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. And what shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube. This can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
The Spanish team Atletico Madrid won the fifth European Cup final in the Champions League. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday night in the Stade de Lyon. The Spaniards won the Cup against Salzburg, as they did in 2010 and 2012. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The only chance before the break, which only resulted from a Marseille mistake, led to success. Zambo Anguissa couldn't stop the ball after an unideal pass from goalkeeper Steve Mandanda, but Griezmann played in the run for Griezmann and the striker had no trouble completing the goal from the best position (21'). There was another bad news for Atletico Madrid. Captain Dimitri Payet was eliminated in the 32nd minute with a thigh muscle injury. The injury could also thwart his hopes of participating in the World Cup. Local hero scored twice From the bench he saw the final preliminary decision in favor of the Spaniards, who once again demonstrated their strength in the game, as soon as it started raining. After winning the ball, they quickly went forward and Griezmann completed the action with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The next highlight for the French team striker at his home town of Macon is only about 45 minutes from the final venue. The French fans were shocked and could not react. They were still setting the tone, close to the third goal. A Godin header just missed the post by inches (53'). Only in the closing stages did Marseille become extremely dangerous. A Mitroglou header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards (81st). They in turn finally closed the sack, Gabi provided the final point (89th).
German researchers have now discovered which type of movement brings more benefits to the brain. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class for a period of 18 months. In the study, we were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises called "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
Renate Müller was a social worker, so she helped other people get their lives under control. When she was in debt at the bank with 60,000 euros, she could no longer cope with her own life. As a single mother, she took out a loan on the advice of the bank advisor and later increased it. Eventually she got sick and had to retire "and then it was just too much to handle". The 70-year-old went into private bankruptcy. She pledged to pay back 50 percent of her debt within 4 years so that the rest could be forgiven. From then on, 700 euros were deducted from her salary, leaving 1100 euros for maintenance. In January 2017, the bankruptcy proceedings for Renate Müller were completed, then she got her full pension again: "Four years are a hard time," she says: "If the cat needs a vet, that's a problem. And the bank gave me notice, people like that don't need them as customers. How you feel there!" More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 (ten years ago there were 5,351).
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration period for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today alone, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum - or possibly for several.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba. This was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It is easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba last year. By 2030 more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center warned of flooding from torrential rain in Florida, Georgia, Southeasterna, Virginia, North Carolina and North Carolina. It was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had rapidly gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected area. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard to reach. Panama City Beach Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off on every single block". When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as the highest hurricane in the country. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected area. But many did not comply. Florida Gov. Scott said he was disappointed. Missy Theiss lives 5 miles offshore from Panama City Beach. The 54-year-old decided to stay at home with her husband, daughter and two dogs. She said she was the worst decision to stay here. We did it for our pets, she explained. She thought "Michael" would hit the coast as a Category Two hurricane, but it was upgraded to Category Four. Theiss said she was already too late to leave, she didn't want anything bad to happen. She found shelter in the hallway of her house, away from windows and doors. Experts were amazed at how quickly "Michael" had gained strength as it made its way across the Gulf of Mexico. The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected areas. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center said there had never been a Category Four hurricane recorded in the region. It is therefore an event that is as historic as it is dangerous. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The World Cup will be held in Zurich, Switzerland, on May 9th, 2026. The World Cup is the biggest football tournament in the history of the soccer world. The World Cup is the biggest football tournament in the history of soccer. The World Cup will last 32 days and take place in twelve stadiums. However, the total number of World Cup games will increase from 64 to 80. Will there be no more draws at the World Cup? It is still unclear whether this idea propagated by Infantino will actually be implemented. The FIFA President recently spoke out in favor of group games being decided by penalty shoot-outs after a draw. This is intended to reduce the risk of the result being agreed in the last group game. How will the World Championship starting places be divided? The distribution of the starting places per confederation has not yet been decided. The most important issue in terms of sports policy, the number of starting places, is expected to be clarified by the FIFA Congress on May 9th in Bahrain. Europe has the largest contingent with 13 starting places.
A new law in Austria has been waiting to be passed in parliament. The new law says that patients and doctors will have access to the same data. The law says that anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for research costs - such as a doctoral student - has a legal right to access to the data. Is that important or is it dangerous? There are highly controversial opinions on the new law. For example, Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable for long-term studies: The fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age was only determined by the data. For example, for forecasts of unemployment figures and the economy.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine immediately spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also common ingredients. A new study shows that the majority of self-mixed sunscreens only provide sufficient protection against the sun's dangerous UV radiation. The study was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and from the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida. The researchers found that almost 70 percent of the shared receptors for homemade sunscreens are not suitable as sun protection. The study, published in the journal Health Communication, also found that many sunscreens are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens.
For twenty years Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the two countries repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations between the two countries would be resumed.
The Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz will be the Austrian President of the European Union (EU). The Austrian Chancellor will also be the EU Council President. The Austrian Chancellor will be the head of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the President of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will also be Austria's Chancellor. The Austrian Chancellor will be the head of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the head of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrians Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrians Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrians Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrians Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrians Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. Vitamin D can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or at least 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health - numerous studies have shown connections with various diseases, such as depression, asthma, cancer or multiple sclerosis. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Risk groups and symptoms In particular, older people, night and shift workers, pregnant and breastfeeding women have an increased need of vitamin D. Their blood levels should be checked regularly. For most people, the vitamin D deficiency usually shows up as an incidental finding during another blood test. The symptoms are very non-specific. A greater susceptibility to infections, poor wound healing, tiredness, bad mood, sleep disorders, a drop in performance, hair loss, nervousness and concentration problems are common. Severe vitamin D deficiency can also lead to depression, headaches, cardiac arrhythmias and growth disorders.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. This is because the tracks are completely rebuilt. The tracks are now 35 years old. The tracks themselves are also completely rebuilt. Passengers who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should allow ten to 20 minutes more travel time for your route during the closure.
On Wednesday, Portugal scored a spectacular 3:3 (1:1) against Hungary. Hungary captain Balazs Dzsudzsak was deflected by the wall and scored twice. Ronaldo scored a goal from 26 meters. Hungary scored a goal from 26 meters. Hungary's goalkeeper Akos Elek even had the 2-0 on his foot, but failed from close range by Portugal goalkeeper Rui Patricio. At the other end, Ronaldo tested goal keeper Gabor Kiraly with a free kick from a good 35 yards out. A Ronaldo ideal pass to Nani, who fired the ball into the near corner, brought Portugal level just before half-time. But immediately after the change, a free kick from Hungary captain Dzsudzsak, deflected by Andre Gomes, landed in the goal from 26 meters. Ronaldo scored a goal in 4 consecutive EURO games.
"Star Wars" producer Gary Kurtz died of cancer in London at the age of 78. The Los Angeles-born producer is best known for his collaborations with George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films. With "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft.
The Austrian national team is in training camp in Laax. It is a training camp for 23 players. The goal of the training camp is to test players against each other. The goal of this training camp is to test the strength of the team. The Austrian national team seems to be far less susceptible to the phenomenon of cabin fever or internal team disputes than perhaps other EM participants. The majority of the team has simply been together for too long for that; there are also too many players with high social skills in this team. The Austrian national team boss Marcel Koller strives for harmony. It's no coincidence that he didn't give up the opportunity to test additional players during the training camp, which might cause unrest. And trips like yesterday to the Rhine Gorge or to the Sagogn Golf Club should provide variety and a good atmosphere. "You can plan a lot," says team manager Marcel Koller, "but the most important thing in the coming weeks will be that we focus on the players." According to the dictionary, this phenomenon does not exist in French. Langenscheidt's Great School Dictionary has a translation for Lagerkeller.
In the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors", Jürgen Rixgens explains how to deal with complicated colleagues. He advises people to familiarize themselves with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. However, the opposite behavior is not advisable, because contradiction and counter-action only drive the stubborn person to want to prove himself even more. Better: Detach yourself from the emotions, try to think rationally and frame the criticism in the form of questions. This creates a more pleasant working atmosphere and better results," advises Rixgens. The creative slob The creative slob is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, they are often planned. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results - at least in the eyes of others. "When dealing with the chaos head, the following applies: hold back your own opinion and don't try to change your colleagues. Instead, formulate criticism constructively and praise the creative chaos for positive behavior. This motivates him and strengthens his willingness to communicate." The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. "Employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness." The pessimist is a professional skeptic who uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team ", explains Jürgen Rixgens.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to 4 winners on 3 continents on Tuesday. The Nobel Prize is awarded to people who fight for human rights, environmental protection and peace. The Nobel Prize has been awarded to fighters for human rights, environmental protection and peace since 1980. The Right Livelihood Award Foundation often supports lesser-known fighters for peace, human rights and the environment with the Alternative Nobel Prize.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at the Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines plane bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. She was once again inspected by the security forces. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous mocking comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The coffee giant Starbucks is opening a new store in Milan, Italy. The store will be located on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built in the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries, just not Italy.
The broadcaster, ATV, has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a PR product for the police. The broadcaster said: "As with all productions, editorial sovereignty lies exclusively with ATV," the broadcaster said in a statement on Tuesday. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. The broadcaster also said that they have been working with the police for 10 years and maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units". The planned format, an in-house production, is "entirely based on real operations and ongoing investigations that are filmed live". Therefore, the broadcaster said that even for "legal reasons of personal protection, an orderly and correct procedure with the police must be observed".
Kurt Wilhelm, the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on Neubaugasse, says that from autumn 2020, the bus line will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken against the double bus route. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet say whether he thinks that is a good thing. "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minutes intervals." On the part of the business people, they don't want to be an obstacle. Peter Herzog, operator of the Sonnentor branch, takes the same view. He doesn't want to be an obstacle, he says. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions."
Hans Peter Doskozil is the new head of the army. The new head of the army is Alexandra Schrefler-König. She is a judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court. Alexandra Schrefler-König comes from the Ministry of the Interior, where she was most recently head of the department for aliens police, visa and border control matters. She moved to the Independent Federal Asylum Board (UBAS) and to the Asylum Court. She not only has a good insight into practice - where she was attacked by activists because of some decisions - but has also appeared as an author of specialist publications. Doskozil's chief of staff, Brigadier Jürgen Ortner, is preparing to change jobs. In a few months he will go to Washington as a military attaché.
On January 29, Vox will start a new episode of "Kitchen Impossible". The episode will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". The episode will be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves". The episode will be called "The perfect professional dinner". A top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them. In each episode, two of them travel separately to two travel destinations. There, a local chef will serve you his regular guests' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will judge how well this has worked.
Many people complain about products that are misleading. Many people complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside. Many people complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside. Many people complained to the VKI about this. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria". Red-white-red signals can be seen on the Inzersdorfer can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria."
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The agreement is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be "fully implemented and respected by all parties". "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the ceasefire is a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He also said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of 7 moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be combated as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. She is united with her family. The "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" (Friday) quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook. The "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook, according to Kathpress. Accordingly, Asia Bibi had moved with her husband to the country where her 2 daughters were already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country, the newspaper's lawyer said. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The police are on the scene. The first reports of shots in the Olympia shopping center (OEZ) in the north of Munich arrived on social media. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a real-time short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. In the excitement of the reports, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it only becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police counted 4,310 emergency calls. 4 times as many as normal. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use of the social media. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm during the night.
Children who see fast food advertisements are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such advertisements. The parents were followed for a year for the study. The children were between three and 5 years old. Every 8 weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much advertising they saw in children's programs. The parents reported how often their child has eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. Results: Children who had seen a lot of relevant advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as children without it. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
The Fürth Clinic in Germany brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse, she said. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible.
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short, serious illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and, together with their 2 sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. Van der Bellen also mourns with his current wife Doris Schmidauer for their father Ernst Schmidauer, who died on Sunday. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the APA request from the Presidential Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools in different ways. In experiments, they show flexible and spontaneous tool use, they explain in the specialist magazine "Biology Letters". In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. This makes this Indonesian parrot species ideal objects of study. The use of a tool is not an innate behavior, but an individual invention of the bird. Auersperg and her colleagues have previously observed one of their cockatoos, named Figaro, prying a splinter from a larch board. They placed bits of cashew on a base in a transparent box. This box had a hole about an inch in diameter through which the birds could use a chopstick to knock the nut off the base, causing the treat to tumble out of the box.
In the northern hemisphere, spring starts earlier and earlier than it did ten years ago. The researchers reported in the journal Scientific Reports. The trigger for the change is probably the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
Bill Cosby has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in Pennsylvania. He is 81 years old. Police officers led the 81-year-old out of the courtroom in Norristown, Pennsylvania, in handcuffs on Tuesday. He must serve a sentence of at least three and at most ten years imprisonment. The police officers said that they take it very seriously when someone's freedom is taken away. But I will not apologize for my job. The competent authority in Montgomery County released the police photo shortly afterwards, which shows Bill Cosby in a white shirt with suspenders. He looks dejected in the photo and is not looking at the camera. Cosby's defense attorney, Joseph Green, failed to get him released on bail pending a decision on the planned appeal. This would be tried in the next higher court, the Superior Court in Harrisburg. This court must hear the case, unlike the higher Supreme Court, the highest court in the state of Pennsylvania. Cosby also faces a $25,000 fine and court costs.
With the end of the summer holidays, the construction sites usually disappear from the streets. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. The KURIER has the answers to the most important questions and an overview of the cycle paths that are still being built. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, about 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: "Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz.” Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path.
WhatsApp has been used to spread fake news and propaganda in many countries. To curb this, WhatsApp will only be able to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. WhatsApp was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in India after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
There are almost 700 wild bee species in Austria. They are called hymenoptera. Hymenoptera is a yellow-brown stripe. The hymenoptera bee is a species that is known in Austria. The hymenoptera bee is more colorful than yellow-brown stripes. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the Immen relatives are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Brodschneider. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann. The parasitic species are particularly endangered nationwide: Wild bees that only give their cuckoo eggs to one host species are naturally more at risk of extinction than bees that are not choosy when it comes to collecting them. Even food specialists perish if their food plant is missing. Co-evolution of animals and plants "Bees and flowers developed together in the course of evolution," says Zimmermann. The plant benefits from its special shape because it can reproduce more accurately. The insects of different sizes, proboscis lengths and collecting techniques have fewer blackheads on the calyx. No competition for food "In Austria there is no competition for food between honey and wild bees. Wherever the honey bee was brought to, in special habitats such as in America or Australia, these could influence each other," says Brodschneider. In this country, everything that helps the local honey bee also strengthens the wild high-flyers.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, it is struggling for air: colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. The veterinarian Katharina Reitl explains which symptoms bother the patient, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Treatment "The therapy depends primarily on the severity," says Katharina Reitl. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers will stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal. Prevention "There is a vaccination that primarily protects against the therapeutically difficult triggers of cat colds," says the veterinarian. The veterinarian recommends immunization once a year for indoor cats. New serums, some of which are administered through the nose, can support patients who are already in poor health. The veterinarian explains: "A tailor-made treatment is also important when it comes to preventive care. The vet decides individually what makes the most sense." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles, etc.? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
In the future, only Fiaker horses will be allowed to work every other day in the city of Vienna. In the future, it will be easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only animals may be used as draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training condition, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse. The city wants to pay more attention to "animal welfare-related issues" _ such as the effects of wearing a muzzle, tying the tail or regular feeding. The focus is on increased reconnaissance and controls. The amendment to the Fiaker and Horse Rental Car Act should be passed by a committee in June and then be decided by the state parliament.
The Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg started protesting in Sweden in August 2018, for Sweden to do more to combat the climate change. Her protest found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network. Protests on all inhabited continents In Austria, according to the network, the cities of Innsbruck, Klagenfurt and Vienna have so far registered for demonstrations. It is also possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North.
The Austrian actor Peter Matić will never speak again. He was 82 years old. The actor Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 to 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper, in Reichenau and in Reichenau. He also played numerous film roles. Character Peter Matić was not only a celebrated actor, he was liked and loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues." Voice And last but not least, Ben Kingsley loses his voice. Peter Matić had been the multiple Oscar winner's voice actor for decades. And quite a few felt that his voice suited Kingsley better than his own. The artistic connection between Kingsley and Matić provided one of those rare instances where dubbing didn't make the performance any worse - if not better. It is unimaginable, for example, to hear "Schindler's List" in German without Matić's speaking voice.
In some cities around the world, thousands of people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part. In London and New York there were several hundred. In Berlin, for example, according to the organizers, around 100 people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". It was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who had a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh."
Maria Vassilakou will no longer stand as the top candidate for the next Vienna state elections. The deputy mayor and city councilor will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion for the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou announced that by the time she leaves, all major projects of the legislative period should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed. She said: "I think it's time for a generational change. And by that I don't just mean age, but ways of thinking, working methods, visions and structures. Now it's the next turn." But there are also personal reasons. She will soon be 50, that is a time to take stock. You then ask yourself: "What can I still achieve? That much is certain: I am a politician with body and soul." But life in the front row is very intense.
The elephants in Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool. The elephants are very fond of splashing about in the pool. The elephants even eat while they are bathing. The elephants even eat apples while they are bathing. The keepers throw apples into the water and they are fished out by the animals with their trunks. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, also serves to care for their sensitive skin. The pachyderms follow an important bathing rule in an exemplary manner: shower before bathing.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. With a 4-1 win in North Macedonia on Monday, the Austrian national soccer team clinched their second win in a row, moved up to third place in Group G and is just one point behind second place held by Israel. The team's coach, Franco Foda, is satisfied with the result. "Compliments to every single player, that was a great team effort. Victory at this level is absolutely deserved." The false start with two defeats in March has now been corrected. "The team have shown that they can withstand the pressure," said Foda. There were only two flaws in the clear success in Skopje - Martin Hinteregger's own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner and the lack of efficiency. "If you have to or can criticize something, it's the evaluation of chances. We should have scored one or two more goals, but we're satisfied," said Foda. "We played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, we didn't pay attention to the own goal, but we came back anyway." Even when the score was 0:1, the team boss said he had virtually no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we also created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well."
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the grenade to light while digging in the ground.
On June 22, the women's soccer team in the Vatican will play against the women's soccer team FC Mariahilf in Vienna. The team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life. The footballers include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social importance of sport," said Danilo Zennaro.
Tourists are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. Police in Rome blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian city. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on monuments. Violators face fines of up to 400 euros. Other tourists that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control.
In the past, this topic was underestimated. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver. When the intestines are inflamed, liver cells are replaced by scarred, hard connective tissue. The path to liver cirrhosis can only be stopped, but not reversed. "Coffee consumption has protective effects on the liver," says gastroenterologist Michael Trauner. At the end of 2015, a European long-term nutrition study (EPIC) showed that people who drink more than 4 times a day have a 75 percent reduced risk of developing liver cancer compared to those who drink less than 2 mugs.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday. The accident claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district, spokesman Raimund Schwaigerlehner said on request. As the KURIER reported on Tuesday, it is a 32-year-old employee of the TÜV (Technical Monitoring Association). The GCA spokesman Armin Teichert announced that the man had been working on a new part of the system in the field of filter separation. The accident happened during acceptance. According to Teichert, there was an "enormous heat build-up". He spoke of possibly 1,000 degrees. As a result, even cars in the parking lot melted. The seriously injured man who was flown to Vienna General Hospital by "Christophorus 9" is also an Austrian. According to the police, among the slightly injured are 2 Serbian and 2 Romanian citizens. According to Holub, most of them live in Austria.
The City of Vienna will build 6 new security bollards in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, 6 further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that the regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is also a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about Internet fraud.
The researchers found 13 Bronze Age skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical skull openings have been evidence of early medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease, or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most of the patients survived the operation for a long period of time. This shows that they must have been specialized surgeons who deliberately chose this point on the skull. According to the researchers, this and the lack of evidence of fractures or diseases on the skull point to a ritual reason for the operation. The report was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died on Monday at the age of 72 in Baden near Vienna. Sigi Maron was born in Vienna in 1944. He became famous with his songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he repeatedly had to take long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014 he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show" Sigi Maron live:
The test results showed that the pre-washed mixed leaf salad and mixed salads were bought from the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters, stored professionally until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germ load was so high that we can only advise against consumption. The testers say that pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The test results showed that the test results of the test were too high. One product in the test measured 450,000 units per gram, 450 times as much as other products. In the case of yeast fungi, the warning value was exceeded by 6 products. One sample was particularly highly contaminated with mold, another also contained listeria.
For the first time in 85 years, the French brand Lacoste has removed the famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are all endangered. The latter is only emblazoned on a total of 30 polo shirts.
In Texas, 19 new district judges will be elected in the future. The new district judges will be from the Harris County District Court in Texas. 17 of them will be newly elected at the recent elections in the US. This is reported by the BBC. This partial result of the US midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke won to Republican Ted Cruz in Texas.
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner in Rome. The fountains are spread all over the city. The fountains are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. The water supply in Rome is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. While EU countries invest about EUR 80 per inhabitant in the water network, it is only EUR 32 in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The United Nations is the body of the United Nations. The United Nations is the body that makes decisions in the world. The United Nations will convene two conferences in March and June to start negotiations on a ban on nuclear weapons. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several states that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has published a report on the future of children and their health. The report states that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed foods like fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco on children. New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark says that it is estimated that 250 million children under the age of 5 in low- and middle-income countries are at risk of not reaching their developmental potential. The report says that every child worldwide is being impacted by climate change and commercial pressure.
Johannes Voggenhuber is a member of the list "Now", founded by Peter Pilz before the 2017 National Council elections. He is also a member of the list "Initiative 1 Europe". He will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, he will be called "Initiative 1 Europe". He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the initiative. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens. Money from crowdfunding and from the list. Now, all other interested parties are invited to contact the initiative until the end of March. Then the list of candidates will be fixed. Of course: First place is awarded to Voggenhuber because the whole project was built around him. The election campaign is to be financed on the one hand, but on the other hand also to a large extent from the list "Liste Aktuell".
Hong Kong is mourning for the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday. She was 38 years old. She came to Hong Kong in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. Jia Jia was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999.
The new chairman of the powerful civil servants' union is Norbert Schnedl. He was elected with 96.6 percent of the votes. He is the leader of the powerful civil servants' union. He is the head of the Christian Union. Although he is the head of the Christian Union, he gets applause from the Red Party. This is not surprising, since he is calling for a radical reduction in working hours. He is also calling for a flexible working week for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl gets excited. In the KURIER interview on Thursday, the new boss of the civil servants' union specified his ideas. He says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a 3.5-day week would mean 28 hours per week. The GÖD boss says: "If the studies are correct, that in the next 15 years between 40 and 55 percent of all jobs will be replaced by computer-aided machines, software and robots, then of course the reduction in working hours has to be addressed."
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center and one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival ended at midnight with 2 fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence.
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. The brand "L'Oréal Paris" has taken a new approach and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the brand's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it. The implication of this would be that anyone who shows their hair is just grooming it so they can show it off to others." Although she does not show her hair in public, she can be seen without a headscarf at home with her family. "When I take off my scarf I want my hair to be shiny - don't we all want that?" Amena Khan writes on her Instagram account. For her, her hair is one thing above all: an important part of her femininity.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The islands are 16 islands, 11 stages and 600 hours of music. Swedish singer Mando Diao and the Swedish band Mando Diao were announced as headliners a month ago. There will also be a Falco tribute this year. As of today, the entire program for the Danube Island Festival is available: on Friday, the Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will perform there. The Falco tribute concert will take place there on Saturday. Falco would have turned 60 this year on February 19th. The tribute will include the German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja. Rainhard Fendrich's new album On Sunday, the festival stage is all about Rainhard Fendrich. He will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The FM4 stage (regarded as the most beautiful and cosiest on the island) will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Mando Diao and Der Nino from Vienna will perform there on Saturday, and Mattersburg's indie popper Garish on Sunday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday, followed by Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer this year. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time.
The ORF has revived its TVthek. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. New background color The revised design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern: if you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites section. The search offers targeted suggestions. New sections New sections are on the one hand the "In Focus" topic page on major current topics, on the other hand the "Last Chance" - here the user is informed of content that will soon have to be removed from the TVthek due to the seven-day rule. There will also be references to the upcoming program with trailers etc.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Ankerbrot wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to an interview with the Austrian newspaper APA. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000. Sales fell from 82.3 million to 71.9 million. At the same time, the operating result was 2 million lower than in 2015.
More and more Austrians want to buy security doors. The security doors for apartments and houses in Austria have increased by 300 percent compared to last year. The demand for security doors of the highest security class in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent last year. Apartment doors are generally only offered as security doors in apartments. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as broken in via the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that the topics of the refugee crisis and the state of emergency have dominated the media for months. These are fear-related topics. By becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, hardly anyone would believe it. But the 4th announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. It is a double burden that is too much for the 69-year-old. He said that he will continue to hold the Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country sometimes two government crises. Controversial It would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But as soon as he took office, he sparked a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany, without giving any constructive suggestions from it. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people directly at the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. However, Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. He let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. From then on, some comrades drummed for Seehofer's resignation.
The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 Christmas cookies from the supermarket. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food industry in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," explains VKI project manager Birgit Beck. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all."In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant died in a helicopter crash near Los Angeles on Sunday morning. There were no survivors on board, the police wrote. The helicopter crashed in the fog on Sunday morning and burst into flames, the Los Angeles Times had previously reported. In the evening it was confirmed: On board the helicopter was Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna. The fifth fatality was the pilot. The former LA Lakers player is considered one of the greatest basketball players in sports history. Kobe Bryant played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team continuously since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP award for the NBA's most valuable regular-season player. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and his teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul. Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and three other daughters.
Asfinag's section control systems have become the road maintenance company's money cow. The route radar is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's pocket. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Austria this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money goes directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible. The new section control system proves to be particularly effective - and in several respects. Not only does route monitoring make a significant contribution to reducing accidents, the complete and precise speed control is apparently underestimated by some drivers. 650 penalties per day This has been made clear by the numbers of the monitoring focus in the course of the expansion of the Ostautobahn near Schwechat in Lower Austria. Day after day, 650 speed drivers fell into the speed trap - the Schwechat city police command was no longer able to keep up with issuing the anonymous decrees and penalties. The speed limit was 80 km/h. The fastest driver was traveling at an average speed of 171 km/h. Unfortunately, many drive much too fast, especially in the sensitive construction site areas," says Colonel Willy Konrath from the Lower Austria provincial transport department. 64 percent of those flashed were between 10 and 15 km/h too fast, one in four even 16 to 20 km/h. "Trust is good, but only control makes the construction site really safe," says Brandtner from Asfinag Bau-GmbH, explaining the reason for the surveillance in the construction site areas. There will also be zero tolerance in the next 14 months on the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein. The 13-kilometer section is being completely renovated for 25 million euros for the first time since it was built in 1980. The "Multi Section Control" was calibrated on Wednesday. It not only controls the main lane but also all access and exit roads. With 65,000 vehicles driving on the section every day, the police are expecting a similar number of speed offenders as recently on the A4. Konrath considers the route radar to be much more effective and also fairer to drivers. A radar device only records a point. Section control, on the other hand, measures speed behavior.
In the United States, Tom Perez is the new leader of the Democratic Party. Tom Perez has been actively campaigning for Hillary Clinton since she won the presidential election. Hillary Clinton won the presidential election by defeating a Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison. Keith Ellison is a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. They will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The Christmas clemency is actually the responsibility of the Federal President. Since there is currently no formal Christmas amnesty in Austria, this task has been taken over by National Council President Doris Bures.
Because 75,700 new nursing staff will be needed in Austria by 2030, there is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social professions in Austria. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria.
Novak Djokovic won the Wimbledon final. It was the longest final in the history of tennis. He won 7: 6 (5), 1: 6, 7: 6 (4), 4: 6, 13:12. At 4:57 hours it was the longest individual final in the history of tennis. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of him. Novak Djokovic is the best tennis player in the world.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed the decree on Monday. Kickl said that the necessary basic training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, the task force to combat street crime (EGS), selected members of the police detention centers (PAZ) and a few members of the Upper Austria standby units have been authorized to work.
There are around 3500 pieces of the wooden roller coaster with 3 rollers in the name "SpielMaus Holz" in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The company has warned that the wooden roller coaster with 3 rollers can become detached from the cars. The product can pose a risk of suffocation for small children. There are no reports of injuries or damage known to the company. The company would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna published a new study. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-containing plant protection products. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga leader announced on Thursday, Christoph Freund signed a new contract with Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his country. After talking with his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday. More than 260,000 people killed The FARC took up arms in 1964 in a fight against landlords and the government. In addition to the left-wing guerrilla groups, right-wing paramilitaries and the drug mafia were also involved in the conflict. In total, more than 260,000 people were killed in the violent conflict that lasted more than half a century.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was asked again and again in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars from the Harry Potter books. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, has announced that he will be the next president of the United States. The President of the United States of America will be the next President of the United States of America. The President of the United States will also be the next President of the United States of America. The President of the United States of America will be the next President of the United States of America. The President of the United States of America will be the next President of the United States of America. The President of the United States of America will be the next President of the United States of America. The President of the United States of America will be the next President of the United States of America. The President of the United States of America will be the next President of the United States of America.
The FPÖ and the FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" on January 25th in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ and the FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" on January 25th in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it was against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it was against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball".
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. The Great Barrier Reef is located off the coast of Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is about 1,500 kilometers long. The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef in the world. The Great Barrier Reef has already been damaged by what is known as coral bleaching. The Great Barrier Reef has already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. The Great Barrier Reef is the fourth time the Great Barrier Reef has been affected. It happened in 1998, 2002 and 2016. Until now, there have always been several years between bleaching periods, in which the Great Barrier Reef was able to recover. Professor Terry Hughes warned that the only way to save the Great Barrier Reef is to fight climate change with determination. Coral bleaching off Australia's northeast coast made headlines around the world last year. One of the reasons is believed to be that the water temperatures were up to 4 degrees higher than usual. Corals are cnidarians that live in a mutually beneficial community with algae. At high temperatures, the algae become toxic, the corals repel them and lose their color.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for. There were already 80 in total this year and more than 200 will probably be there. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association (WTV) point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. They warn that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. Ducklings that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows are reported.
In two minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome, according to the newspaper La Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle told the newspaper. The boys weigh more than 2 kilos and didn't even have to pee.
In the Galapagos Islands, Ecuador, there are some giant tortoises. The giant tortoises are called "Lonesome George" and they were last seen on the Galapagos Islands in 1906. They are also called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that Galapagos Island, was last detected in 1906. It was feared that the giant tortoises had become extinct. Scientists assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints as well as unconfirmed sightings led the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN) to suspect that there might still be some Fernandina giant tortoises.
The Austrian team players will not have dared to glance at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but it was enough for Croatia to win. The Croatian players knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless and goalless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the 4 best third-placed teams. Bordeaux venue In the top game for group victory, Spain quickly left no doubts. It was already 1-0 in the 7th minute, after a dream move: Silva played deep to Fàbregas, who put it back to Morata. What looked easy was actually high skill. It was the third EM goal for the 23-year-old. This is not the only reason why Morata is currently on everyone's lips. The forward on loan to Juventus belongs to Real Madrid and the Spaniards can and want to bring him back for €30m by June 30. But he should not play in Madrid, but be resold at a high price. Chelsea and Arsenal are interested.
The Austrian Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein has promised that the government will fix the Working Hours Act. It is not about individual black sheep who should be punished. Hartinger-Klein has promised to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified. Because: "Is it still voluntary if you have voluntarily agreed that it is in the roster? Because the second it's in the roster, it's actually no longer voluntary."
The Prime Minister of the Netherlands, Mark Rutte, has introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The government of the Netherlands has decided to introduce 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emissions of nitrogen oxides have long been too high.
Chestnuts are a popular winter snack. They are grown in autumn and the winter months. The chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy staple. What the chestnuts can do for you is that they contain many vitamins and minerals. Here is what you need to know about chestnuts: 1. Complex carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raise blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable blood sugar level. Even the energy low that is typical of carbohydrate-rich food does not occur after consumption. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of dried chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes elimination through the kidneys. A high sodium intake from high-salt food is considered to be one of the causes of high blood pressure. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. 3. Important B vitamins Without B vitamins, nothing works in the body, since all B vitamins are important for carbohydrate metabolism. Chestnuts primarily provide vitamins B1 and B2. The former is particularly important for the carbohydrate metabolism of the nerves, brain and muscles. The latter plays a special role in converting fats, proteins and carbohydrates into nutrients. 4. Lots of vitamin C The winter snack can also score points when it comes to the vitamin C content. Compared to other filling foods such as potatoes, lentils or soy, chestnuts provide a lot of vitamin C. Studies show that vitamin C lowers cholesterol levels and is therefore good for the heart. 5. Good fat Chestnuts not only have a positive effect on cholesterol levels because of their vitamin C content. Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids are also beneficial. 6. Antioxidative potential The secondary plant substances contained in chestnuts are characterized by a high antioxidant potential and a strong anti-inflammatory effect. This is what you need to know about chestnuts:
Vienna Airport is one of the world's top airports. For this purpose, 6 of the most modern extinguishers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding. For the investment of 5 million euros, Vienna Airport will save 4 million euros. Rosenbauer landed the order as the best bidder. With the performance of the Rosenbauer tankers, it is possible to use fewer vehicles to supply the required quantities of extinguishing agents, which have to be ready at the fire site within 3 minutes. This means that the current number of 15 extinguishers can be reduced to eight.
In Vienna City Gardens, in the Prater, on the Danube Island or in the Schönbrunn Palace Park along paths with the biological "Bacillus thuringiensis" preparation or removing the caterpillars. If you want to remove the caterpillars, do not use pesticides in the meadows. In the nature reserve, one is limited to providing information about the risk, says Andreas Januskovecz. It is best to stay away from oak trees where the caterpillars gather. By the way, even when the oak processionary moths have already turned into butterflies, the poisonous hairs still fall from the oak trees to the ground. The problem with the caterpillars also exists in Germany. There, pesticides are already being applied over forests by helicopter. In some cases, however, the measure comes too late. In Dortmund, for example, an outdoor pool had to be closed because the trees in the neighboring park were infested with the oak processionary moth and the wind was spreading the hairs.
A strong earthquake on the Aegean Island of Greece has killed at least two people and caused panic among the residents of the island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake. Buildings showed cracks or even collapsed in some cases. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured according to initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with 2 helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of the city, where dozens of bars are located. At the time of the quake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar had collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The 2 young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two tourists were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. There were no reports of casualties or structural damage. According to the Greek earthquake agency, the center of the earthquake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. The governor of the affected province of Mugla, Esengul Civelek, told the state news agency Anadolu that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage. "We were able to contact all districts," said Civelek, even if there were some problems with the power supply. Some people would spend the night outdoors for fear of more aftershocks. It was not until mid-June that the earth trembled on the islands of Lesbos, Chios and on the west coast of Turkey. One person died on Lesvos and many houses were destroyed. The tremors were felt hundreds of kilometers from the center of the quake. In Europe, most earthquakes occur in Greece, the southern parts of Turkey and the western Balkans.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness.
Last year, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria. This year, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria, significantly fewer than before the reintroduction of the sparkling wine tax in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the sparkling wine market to collapse by 20 percent.
Valtteri Bottas, 27, became a star almost overnight. At Mercedes, on the one hand, he should replace the surprisingly retired world champion Nico Rosberg and, on the other hand, stand up to the exceptional Lewis Hamilton. There are simpler tasks in motorsport - but currently hardly any more attractive ones. Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of Mercedes.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. In 1965, researchers were in a series of experiments. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as Staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. They also had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold weather.