The musical "Journey around the world" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. "Journey around the world" is a musical based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed in 80 days and will be performed in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it quickly became clear that this musical should be special. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature.
The German Helmut Gragger opened a social bakery in Austria in 2015. The social bakery is called Gragger & Chorherr. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate, be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015. The refugees can learn a trade that they can practice again at home," says Gragger. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Gragger in an interview with KURIER. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. How is Chorherr nine months after resigning his mandate in the Vienna City Council? "Being soon 59 being allowed to be a baker, allowed to be an entrepreneur, allowed to be allowed to build something, to be allowed to create a place that has a bigger goal - namely education and training - is great joy." The former politician will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Gragger used to work in the food industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang opened the social bakery in Austria. He followed his ideals more than 2 decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs 3 apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years". An employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the social bakery in the Nordbahnviertel. When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without the customers noticing that we're training. Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal: "What else is supposed to change the world apart from education? Next year we will be opening in cooperation with Caritas in Serbia and in Cooperation with a Roma association in Albania." Whether in Africa, in Eastern Europe or in Austria: the focus is always on a 250 degree hot wood stove. The soft heat of the stove should remove as much moisture from the bread as possible. Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers.
The President of the United States of America, Sebastian Kurz, met with the Austrian Chancellor, Trevor Traina. Trevor Traina, the Ambassador to Austria, said that the President had expressed his wishes for Europe to the Austrian Chancellor. The President hoped that the Austrian Chancellor could organize an answer. Because the negotiations are currently mainly about threats. The USA is considering punitive tariffs for European, but above all German cars. A measure that can cost thousands of jobs in Austria almost every second. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, is known to be very tough and tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States cheating by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House. Trevor Traina, the Ambassador to Austria, described the tough but open negotiations in the White House that Trump had made his frustration in dealing with the EU clear. Traina said that the President had expressed his wishes for Europe to the Austrian Chancellor, and hoped that the Austrian Chancellor could organize an answer.
In Austria, the eyeworm is very rare. In recent years, infections with the eyeworm have increased in humans and dogs. Thelazia callipaeda was recently detected for the first time in an Austrian cat without a previous stay abroad. In addition to the eyeworm, there are other worm diseases that are very common in Austria. Worm diseases are generally on the rise. Because of the warmer temperatures, former travel sicknesses are also becoming common here, says Katharina Reitl. The KURIER animal coach explains how dangerous the parasites are and what protects dogs and cats. Worms often need an intermediate host. When a mosquito sucks the blood of an infected creature, it ingests the worm larvae. With the next sting, she carries the worm to a new host. The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. Inflammation can be the first sign of the eyeworm. If left untreated, the retina is damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm "Eyeworm is currently much rarer than skinworm or heartworm," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. The skinworms, which are up to 15 cm long, form small knots in the skin. The heartworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years.
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a doline which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man who was responsive out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned 3 traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to local media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the first traffic light in front of the Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer. If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop; if they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the implementation: 3 weeks after it was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty.
Martin Gruber was nominated as the new party chairman by the Carinthian ÖVP. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber - he is the mayor of the community of Kappel am Krappfeld in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She lives in the German town of Pinneberg. She has Down syndrome. The reason why the ID card was issued in her name is because she cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own new ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, the girl noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID card. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she wrote: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was known as the son of wealthy industrialists. He worked as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. However, it is known from secure sources that Wallenberg certainly did not survive July 31, 1947. The case now seems to be over, but it is still unclear why Wallenberg was arrested by the Soviets. There is no information about where he was buried. There has been enough speculation in the past few years. Witnesses said they saw him or knew where he was buried. None of this proved to be true. For the large Wallenberg family, this was a trauma that lasted for generations.
The World Health Organization is a non-governmental organization. The World Health Organization is a non-governmental organization. It is the world’s largest non-governmental organization. The World Health Organization is a non-governmental organization. The World Health Organization reports that men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. There is also a gap between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer.
Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. The problem with it: The articles, which have an original value of 5.2 million euros, were all counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. The problem with it: The articles, which have an original value of 5.2 million euros, were all counterfeits. Counterfeit products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, the panda bears left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure. Now many visitors want to experience the young animals in person. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was 3 year old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz and her dad Martin. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," says Flora Fuchshuber. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend. After the New Year, the Schönbrunn Zoo is being explored, and the pandas couldn't be missing. Christine Buberl is one of the lucky few who has seen the baby animals. She is delighted with the little ones: "The pandas are a very special highlight, especially since twin births are rare," says the Viennese. Together with her grandchildren Alma and Theo, she is queuing for the second time.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market" (Campus Verlag). Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not resilient or often ill, inflexible and not willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. And the other prejudices? Counter them proactively. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume. What distinguishes over 50-year-olds on the labor market from younger job changers? The qualifications of many of today's 50-year-olds, who were well-trained specialists at the beginning of their careers, have often not been able to keep up with rapid digital progress. That is why continuing education is so important to them. Those over 50 who invest in cross-industry skills score particularly well here: foreign languages, IT or key skills such as project or process management or scrum masters.
Andreas Gruber has been a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber. Around 2,500 times a year, the first responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always bring special equipment with them.
Every Tuesday and Wednesday, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. Meeting Zone The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. "But first I have to improve my German skills". Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay here." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." Project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners, from all countries and from all cultures. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here." The Vienna station organized the first "Mama Learns German" courses 15 years ago. Today they are available in cooperation with municipal kindergartens throughout Vienna. The language café was set up three years ago. "Because course participants complained to us that they learned German but didn't know anyone with whom they could speak German," explains Niklas. The association does not want to make any money with the café, which offers a living room atmosphere. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cake. The cake is priced at 1 euro each. Elisabeth Smejkal is one of the honorary moderators who are very popular at the German tables. She works full-time as a designer. But she keeps Wednesday evening free, which is a welcome compensation for her. She explains her commitment as follows: "I like to sit in a group, I like to talk and I like to listen." You always learn something new, says Smejkal happily. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say." Personal stories are always told. In any case, language is always a door opener for cosmopolitan people. Real friendships have also developed here at Einsiedlerplatz. The feeling with which Elisabeth Smejkal goes home at the end is also nice: "I used my free time wisely. And I was able to help other people to find their way around better in a foreign environment."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in the Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The twins are a boy and a girl. They are already a mother of 5. The first offspring was born in 2007 - it was Fu Long. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. All three males now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock, but can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat. Video Schönbrunn Zoo also has its own YouTube channel. At birth, the twins were around ten centimeters tall and weighed around 100 grams. Both now weigh about 1 kilogram and are estimated to be 35 centimeters long from the tip of the nose to the tip of the tail. There are no exact dates yet, because the animal keepers are still only observing the animals in the whelping box via the camera. They see that mother Yang Yang is caring for both of them and can already tell the twins apart.
A truck driver from the Amstetten district is said to have let a ten-year-old drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height. The father has filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25 shortly before 2 a.m., the 41-year-old from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father. The chauffeur is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering physical safety and negligent endangerment of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St. Pölten and the responsible district administration authority.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of Austrian Parliament voted to approve the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council is the government of Austria. The National Council is the government of Austria. The National Council is the government of Austria. The National Council is the government of Austria. The National Council is the government of Austria. The National Council is the legislative body of the Austrian Republic of Austria.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench. The body reacts to heavy exercise by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. Another important tip: Bras, socks and the like should never be left in the training bag overnight. Damp clothes are an ideal breeding ground for bacteria. Ideally, the sweaty clothes should go straight into the washing machine. The same applies to wet towels. According to Ackerley, drinking bottles made of hard plastic or stainless steel should be cleaned in the dishwasher. Other unpleasant odors can develop here too.
The government has passed many laws in the National Council in 2018. Some of them are very controversial, including a ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons and a ban on knives for foreigners. The government also wants to ban the symbols of extremist organizations, especially from Islamic countries, whose goals contradict the basic values of the Republic of Austria.
The kitchen cleaning service was to blame. Hassan (17) was tasked with keeping the kitchen clean in the refugee accommodation on Grosse Stadtgutgasse in Vienna-Leopoldstadt that day. When he takes a pot of hot water off the stove, empties it and puts it in the dishwasher, he gets into an argument with a roommate: he wants to cook eggs in the water. The two teenagers begin to fight, one pinches the other in the privates. When Sophie Pogats, the manager of the accommodation of the Arbeitersamariterbund, found out about the incident, she banned Hassan and his cronies from the house. The two have 24 hours to calm down. They have to spend the night with friends or in the Caritas emergency shelter for young people. Only then are they allowed to return to their quarters. Pogats does not dial the emergency number for the police. But "Rudi, our house policeman," informs the director immediately. "Der Rudi" is Rudolf Greul, the so-called Refugee Contact Officer (RCO) of the refugee accommodation in Grosse Stadtgutgasse. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee quarters. Hardly any incidents The RCOs are on hand when fights break out among the residents, caregivers are threatened or suspicious people are standing in front of the house. Greul is responsible for 6 refugee homes. Twice a week he drops in on Grosse Stadtgutgasse and asks if anything has happened. It doesn't happen very much, says Greul. In the ten months that he was assigned to the refugee home as a refugee officer, there were 4 violent clashes and one property damage. There are also 45 very pubescent young people. That's also on every school ski course. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus" again, says Greul. However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are no more conspicuous than our children. However, many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee accommodation, there are also 20 refugees over the age of 18 living in the refugee accommodations. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school.
A recent study in Brazil confirms the effectiveness of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The participants were adults with episodic migraines, which have up to 6 attacks per month, either with or without an aura. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after one hour, and after 2 hours. The intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments in Vienna. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will focus on other monuments. The Federal Monuments Office is the Federal Government of Austria. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at Secret Vienna "The Secrets of the Fiacre", "The Weana G'miat" or "The Haunted Habsburgs" are the names of the tours offered by the Viennese tourist guides at Secret Vienna. There are classic and spooky tours to choose from.
Judges, civil servants and employees cut The Federal Administrative Court has been ordered to cut the number of judges and civil servants in the Federal Court. The judges are not only to be cut further positions of civil servants and contract employees (82 this year, 88 in 2019) but de facto also judges. 40 judges are to be deleted from them, which means that graduate students will not be able to take on any more in the judicial preparatory service.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also experienced the wave of indignation that ill-considered postings at a late hour can trigger. On Shrove Tuesday at 0.26 a.m. Strache put a photo montage with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: “There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF.” The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed out of court.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, in Burgenland, is orphaned. The kindergarten is open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg. Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager, says that it wouldn't have worked any other way for her and her husband. "If we didn't have childcare for 4 weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother. Cooperation Mayors Leo Radakovits from Neuberg and Thomas Novoszel from Güttenbach, both ÖVP, started planning at the beginning of the year. The educators of the two communities have coordinated. The employees in Neuberg had vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. So they only have one week without care and there are no additional costs for the parents or the communities. Free kindergarten "We are very close to our goal of creating the framework for improvements in childcare," says SP Education Minister Daniela Winkler. As announced, the free kindergarten will come this year. The new law should also aim to improve the opening hours in the kindergartens and to create the conditions for nationwide holiday care.
A study in Sweden has found that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If physically very fit women developed dementia, it was on average 11 years later than women with only moderate fitness, for example at the age of 90 instead of 79. The results are exciting because it is possible that improving fitness in middle age can delay or even prevent the onset of dementia. However, more research is needed for this.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the iceberg will probably detach itself from the Larsen C ice shelf in the polar region. With an area of around 5,000 square kilometers, it is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice, the dimensions of which are increasing rapidly. The gap is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The iceberg is only held by a connection point about 20 kilometers long. According to the researchers, the breaking off of the ice giant should not have any short-term consequences. However, they fear that the ice shelf will continue to calve and possibly become unstable in the long term.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. But that's not all: The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing. For the city of Rotterdam, the floating farm closes an ecological cycle. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
In the spring of this year, the vinegar drink will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate". And how about the trends in your favorite summer activity, the barbecue? Swineapple is now enjoyed at the barbecue. Behind it hides pork, which is stuffed into a hollowed-out pineapple, which in turn is wrapped in bacon.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least 3 deep breaths. An insult has the same effect that we hold our breath. By breathing calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also not show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation, and history. If you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said as one understood it. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally.
The shiitake mushroom is very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have good protein content, but at the same time very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushroom contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also contain 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair. The copper it contains - 100 grams contain 30 percent of the daily requirement - promotes strong and shiny hair. Vitamin D, which many people do not have enough, can be absorbed not only from the sun but also from shiitake mushrooms. 100 grams of mushrooms already cover 40 percent of the daily requirement. Numerous positive influences on the immune system have been demonstrated for shiitake mushrooms. Shiitake dermatitis When buying the mushrooms, make sure that they look plump and juicy. Cracks and stains on the shiitake cap are normal features and do not indicate poor quality. Fresh shiitake mushrooms can be stored in the refrigerator for about 5 to 7 days.
Vienna is one of the most unfriendliest cities in the world for people who work and live abroad. This is revealed by the "Expat City Ranking 2018" with more than 18,000 people who work and live in Austria. Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results could be the language barrier: almost half (48 percent) found it impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language of the country. However, it seems that people in Vienna have found it easier to make friends: 42 percent said it was easy to make new friends - 11 percent more than in 2017. "Once you have made friends with Austrians, it is very important to them."
Christmas has become more important as a place of longing for Christmas, there are many reasons: While our living rooms first have to be decorated with poinsettias or Advent stars, the plant scientifically called Euphorbia pulcherrima just grows there in parks and on the roadside. Poinsettia Seen in this way, it transforms large parts of Mexico to the Caribbean, from Brazil and Venezuela to Argentina into real Christmas landscapes. With hues ranging from deep red to pink to white, it may also have been the inspiration for another South American attraction: Rio de Janeiro's floating Christmas tree. It stands on a pedestal in a lake near the botanical garden and thanks to its height of 85 meters it is also in the Guinness Book of Records. 2.9 million miniature light bulbs, dozens of kilometers of light chains and thousands of flashing lights ensure changing colors and effects. Whether in gold, decorated or as a festive green tree, the imposing steel construction of the tree of lights has developed into another tourist attraction since it first appeared in 1996, alongside carnival and New Year's Eve celebrations.
In the new year, there will be a new career model for young scientists. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the PH. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, four associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
Sabrina Limbeck is a life and social counselor in Vienna. She founded the first separation outpatient clinic in Austria. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after they have been separated from their partner. The separation clinic is a group session. Once a week, up to twelve affected people meet to share their feelings after they have been separated from their partner. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after they have been separated from their partner. For Sabrina Limbeck, it is important to learn how to focus on yourself again. It starts with the basic needs, such as cooking something small for yourself instead of ordering a pizza. It's about perceiving yourself as an individual again and saying I'm more than the person you've left. Worse than the pain of saying goodbye to the loved one is often the farewell to a life plan. Sabrina Limbeck knows that from her own experience. "At for me it was goodbye to my family. When I separated from my daughter's father, it was clear that it could only be patchwork now. You have to create a new concept of life against your will, that's not easy. But in the best case you emerge stronger and have learned a lot about yourself." Five group sessions are recommended for 240 euros. An extension is possible at any time. One thing is certain: "Lovesickness will definitely pass," promises Limbeck and quotes her favorite saying: "Everything will be fine in the end, and if it's not fine yet, it's not the end." Info: http://separationambulanz.at/
India has launched a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched on Monday with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency "Isro". A week ago, the start of the spacecraft had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 men could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. In 2017, around 400 institutions were newly recognized, while 130 dropped out of the system. In addition, it is becoming more difficult for the civil servants to work their way through their service while on sick leave. In addition, it is becoming more difficult for civil servants to work their way through their service while on sick leave. The new regulations will make it easier for civil servants to work their way through their service while on sick leave. The new regulations will make it easier for civil servants to work their way through their service while on sick leave. The new regulations stipulate that anyone doing community service can fall ill for a total of 21 calendar days and - regardless of whether they are present at the facility on a daily basis in between - are considered to be released from community service if this period is reached.
Most Austrian district authorities and magistrates have no special entry barriers. The exception is Upper Austria, where the state has been upgrading since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities. From September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, sees himself confirmed. "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country house.
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated world champion Germany 2:1. Austria's team boss Franco Foda showed that you can absolutely challenge a top team like Germany. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). A dream goal. Two minutes later, Alaba initiated the next big chance with a dream pass to Arnautovic, but Neuer parried with a great reflex that why he rightly has the right to claim number 1.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick, the operations manager of the private rescue service. He said: "All tests have been carried out". The three victims of the accident were taken to the morgue. An employee only noticed the mistake when they were putting it in the fridge. The injured woman was then taken to the hospital and treated there.
You can donate a braid or money for a child with cancer. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
In 1878, a research team from Sweden found a spectacular grave in Birka, Sweden. The grave was buried with a long sword, a battle axe, arrows, a spear, two shields and 2 horses. The research team believed that someone who was buried with so much equipment must have been a great warrior or leader. The research team seized the DNA of the bones and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move. Fighting women It has been known for a long time that among the Vikings women also fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold higher ranks than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed.
The ORF has been in charge for 18 years. The previous editor-in-chief, Walter Schneeberger, should remain in his position. However, with the proviso that he proves his "ability to work in a team", i.e. recognizes Herics' leadership role. That could be an emotionally Herculean task, because 56-year-old Walter Schneeberger from northern Burgenland and 51-year-old Werner Herics from southern Burgenland, who was most recently entrusted with organizing the renovation of the ORF headquarters in Vienna, were already in a competitive relationship in 2001 when Schneeberger became editor-in-chief.
The United States President Donald Trump and North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un will meet again 8 months after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president has met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim emphasized his basic willingness to "complete nuclear disarmament". But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear weapons. The United States and South Korea have suspended their joint military maneuvers. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War. For their part, the United States and South Korea suspended joint military maneuvers. So far, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months".
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser lived up to her role as favorite and won in the BigAir. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. The quartet Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected.
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday.
Verena Preiner has won her bronze medal in the heptathlon. It is the queen discipline in women's athletics. It is the most successful World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. In sixth place, 34 points behind bronze and with high hopes, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson, while Nafissatou Thiam from Belgium could no longer take silver. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. Suddenly she was 4th. After that she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost three meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian football player Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said Luiz. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
Although average incomes are rising in developing countries, the living standards of the poorest people, for example in the form of access to sanitation facilities and clean energy, cannot keep up. This is shown by a study. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage that access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing. The researchers also found that the supply of clean cooking energy and sanitation lags behind that of electricity and water. This has a strong impact on the poorest members of society, especially women.
The new protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded on April 26, 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to "protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination," said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons heavy. It is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the cost of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now they are a couple. Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he is 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, so they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark house entrances. Now they are living together with her boyfriend, who has been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened, both stressed. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study done by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. However, there has been no study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender differences into account. For the new study, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Table. The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank distributes food to people who don't have enough money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank is located in Oberpullendorf, in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The employees collect more than ten tons of food a week from 18 locations in Burgenland to distribute it to people who don't have enough money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank is only a fraction of what is done here. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. The Pannonic Table supports their clients with dealings with the authorities and visits to the doctor. Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. And then there is the “living room” where people talk about death and life. The Pannonian Food Bank opens its doors 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas you can find many delicacies, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel itself is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students had made. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523; www.pannonischetafel.com
The tropical cyclone "Fani" has made landfall on India's east coast. The tropical cyclone "Fani" reached the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people were brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the tropical cyclone uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to around 200,000 people. The storm moved northeast across the coastal region, weakening to wind speeds of around 130 kilometers per hour. After Odisha, the storm center was expected in the neighboring state of West Bengal and then in Bangladesh. Parts of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, south of Odisha, were also affected.
Rosie was already in the crypt when there was only lard and tea. That was in 1986 when the homeless facility of Caritas Vienna was founded. It was only open for two hours in the evening. For twelve years Rosie slept in tents, in demolished houses and in toilets. It started when Rosie was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. Susanne Peter, senior social worker at the crypt, helped her find a place to stay. She worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. "The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible," says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit "her party" and to organize tournaments in card games and puzzles.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said this one sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction," explained the Chancellor. The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is "of course" still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the "need for a pan-European solution" had been pushed aside. At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue," Merkel added. "This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders."
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is almost complete, according to Beate Hartinger-Klein.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87 years old. Mervyn Rose was a tennis star who won 7 Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. He also won a total of 4 doubles titles and one in mixed in Australia, at the US Open and Wimbledon. As a coach, Mervyn Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Mervyn Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of 4 doubles titles and one in mixed in Australia, at the US Open and in Wimbledon. Mervyn Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
Christine Lagarde is the new President of the European Central Bank. She will be the first woman to head the European Central Bank. She will be the first woman to head the European Central Bank. She will be the first woman to head the European Central Bank. She will be the first woman to manage the European Central Bank.
When a child suffers from a cold, they often hear from parents saying: "Don't wind up, blow your nose!" This is not only wrong, but can also have unpleasant consequences. The head of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine says: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid." When an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells that are created by the permanent defensive struggle. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp : "Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football broadcasts on television. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct." In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. "This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. And what shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube. This can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
Atletico Madrid also won the third European Cup Final. The Spaniards won the cup in the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday night. It was in the Stade de Lyon. The Spaniards won the cup in the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday evening in the Stade de Lyon. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The only chance before the break, which only resulted from a Marseille mistake, led to success. Zambo Anguissa couldn't stop the ball after an unideal pass from goalkeeper Steve Mandanda. The Spaniards had no trouble finishing the game with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The next highlight for the French team striker at his "home game". His home town of Macon is only about 45 minutes from the final venue. The French fans were shocked and could not react. A Godin header just missed the post by inches (53'). Only in the closing stages did Marseille become extremely dangerous. A Mitroglou header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards. They in turn finally closed the sack, Gabi provided the final point (89th). Simeone was therefore able to step out on the pitch delighted after having to watch the game from the stands. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The Spaniards had no trouble finishing the game with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The next highlight for the French team striker at his "home game". His home town of Macon is only about 45 minutes from the final venue. The French seemed shocked and could not react. The Spaniards were still setting the tone, close to the third goal. A Godin header just missed the post by inches (53'). Only in the closing stages did Marseille become extremely dangerous. A Mitroglou header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards (81st). They in turn closed the sack, they quickly went forward and Griezmann completed the action with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The Spaniards had no trouble finishing the game with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The Spaniards had no trouble finishing the game with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The Spaniards had no trouble finishing the game with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The Spaniards had no trouble finishing the game with a lob after a Rami shot from the edge of the box.
German researchers have found that dancing and stretching improve the brain area. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. In the study, we were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. The researchers now want to test the benefits of physical exercise and active participation in music in a study with dementia patients.
In 2015 there were already 8,851 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8,851 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2014 there were already 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2014 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy. In 2015 there were 8, 438 people who went into private bankruptcy.
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum - or possibly for several.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain trains will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains at ÖBB makes barrier-free entry possible, the state-owned company announced on Monday. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More connections will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM - Persons with Reduced Mobility) on the day train is being redesigned and enlarged on the night train. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers. Blind people, for their part, need tactile information and location sounds in the door area for orientation. Everything that is said acoustically should be readable on a screen, deaf people demand. People with mental disabilities, on the other hand, need quiet areas and places to retreat, as crowding can lead to stressful situations.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited the socialist Caribbean island of Cuba, Cuba's chief negotiator Josefina Vidal said. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Four million tourists visited Cuba last year, 13 percent more than in 2015. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center has warned of a hurricane in Florida. It said that it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. It was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the area. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to areas that were particularly hard hit. Panama City Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off on every single block". When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified in the highest hurricane category 5 hurricane. Footage from Mexico Beach showed widespread destruction, flooding, and debris. Images from the city of Panama City Beach also showed tattered remains of houses, torn roofs and fallen trees. Many did not follow the warning The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had rapidly gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the area. But many did not. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear. According to the news reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous. Late Wednesday evening (local time) he moved through the south of the state of Georgia with wind speeds of up to 145 kilometers per hour. The National Hurricane Center warned of flooding from the torrential rain in Georgia, southeasternastern Virginia, Virginia and South and North Carolina. It is therefore an event that is as historic as it is dangerous. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous. Experts were amazed at how quickly the hurricane had gained strength as it made its way across the Gulf of Mexico.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The KURIER answers the most important questions about the trend-setting decision of the world football association FIFA... What was decided by FIFA in Zurich? The field of participants of the World Cup 2026 has been increased to 48 teams. That is an increase of at least 50 percent. The next two World Cups in 2018 and 2022 will take place with 32 participants. Who decided to increase the World Cup? This was decided unanimously by the FIFA Council in a session that lasted only 90 minutes. FIFA President Gianni Infantino will chair the meeting. Austria is not represented, but countries such as Burundi, Cuba, Papua New Guinea, American Samoa and the Turks and Caicos Islands are. Why was the starting field enlarged? The World Cup increase (albeit only to 40 teams) was a central promise made by Gianni Infantino before his election as FIFA President in February 2016. The Swiss justified this, among other things, with the extreme increase in membership of the world association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211. But of course there are also financial reasons: According to calculations, the XXL World Cup with 48 participants should flush the coffers with an additional 600 million euros. The increase in costs of EUR 300 million due to the increase should be compensated by the higher proceeds from the sale of the TV rights.
The Austrian government wants to expand the relationship between patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. The new law will be passed in Parliament on Friday. The data from state-managed databases may be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, the AMS, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad will be able to request the data.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search results will spit out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on many websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also included in the recipes. The researchers also found that many sunscreen formulations are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens. The researchers also found that homemade sunscreens are not suitable for sun protection. The researchers also found that many sunscreen formulations are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens.
For 20 years Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring African countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the countries repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations between the countries would be resumed.
Austria's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz will lead the EU Council Presidency on the Planai in Schladming, Austria. Bulgaria's Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk will lead the Council Presidency on the Planai in Schladming, Austria. The Austrian Chancellor has said that Austria wants to be a "bridge builder" in order to reduce the tensions that have arisen in the EU. The focus of the six-month presidency is to be placed on the issue of security. "We want to create a Europe that protects," said the chancellor, using the official motto. For Tusk, who greeted media representatives and onlookers with a "First of all: Hello!", Austria could not have chosen a better motto for the Council Presidency. Bulgaria's Prime Minister Borissov finally handed over the presidency of the Council to Kurz with an EU pennant, in the style of the ongoing World Cup. After the press conference, it was back up from the Schafalm to the mountain station. With the exception of Elisabeth Köstinger and Hartwig Löger, all members of the FPÖ government came. After a few schnapps served by the traditional band, Heinz Faßmann, Juliane Bogner-Strauß, Margarete Schramböck, Josef Moser, Gernot Blümel and Karoline Edtstadler were available for photo requests and small talk. Karin Kneissl for FPÖ While the FPÖ team made "ministers to touch", FPÖ politicians stayed away from the event. With the exception of Karin Kneissl, who came with her husband and two dogs. The absence of Vice Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache (FPÖ) was particularly noticeable because his "arrival on the Planai" was announced in the program at 11.05 a.m. Government spokesman Peter Launsky-Tieffen explained why Strache did not make it to Schladming with "personal reasons that cannot be fixed".
Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. It is very important for maintaining health. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Some people have a vitamin D deficiency. Their blood levels should be checked regularly. For most people, the vitamin D deficiency usually shows up as an incidental finding during another blood test. The symptoms are very non-specific. A greater susceptibility to infections, poor wound healing, tiredness, bad mood, sleep disorders, a drop in performance, hair loss, nervousness and concentration problems are common. Severe vitamin D deficiency can also lead to depression, headaches, cardiac arrhythmias and growth disorders. Severe deficiency Severe vitamin D deficiency can lead to rickets, a growth disorder of the bones, and to osteomalacia, a softness of the bones.
The Wiener Linien will be closed from April 30 to July 1, and even between the stations between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4. The Wiener Linien recommends that you switch to other lines. Specifically, there are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between the stations between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. The 14 vehicles will not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 passengers who travel daily on the affected U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as "replacement service". The company recommends using rail routes. The trams 49, 52 and 58 - they are run more often - run close to or partly parallel to the U4. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should generally allow ten to 20 minutes more travel time during the closure.
On Wednesday, Portugal qualified third in the Football Championship in France with a spectacular 3:3 (1:1) win over Hungary. Ronaldo scored 4 goals in the first half of the game. Hungary's goalkeeper Balazs Dzsudzsak scored 4 goals in the second half of the match. Hungary's goalkeeper Nani scored 4 goals in the first half of the match. Hungary's goalkeeper Rui Patricio scored 2 goals in the third half of the match.
Gary Kurtz died of cancer in London at the age of 78. The Los Angeles-born producer is best known for his collaborations with director George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films. With "Star Wars" and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft.
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks - that inevitably entails problems and the potential for conflict. It came as a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," said Marcel Koller. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. The Austrian team manager endured this swipe with a smile just as much as Adrian Steiger's words at the official reception on Sunday. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the ÖFB team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now." The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the said rock fall.
In the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors", Jürgen Rixgens talks about the different types of people who can make everyday work difficult for them and their employees. He explains that it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. The Right-Hover is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, they are often planned. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results - at least in the eyes of others. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. "Employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness," explains Rixgens. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. The pessimist uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team ", explains the expert, who is also the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors". The schemer Extreme caution is required when dealing with the schemer: his ambition drives him to spread and gossip lies and embarrass his colleagues with insidious power games.
The Alternative Nobel Prize is a prize awarded to people who fight for human rights, environmental protection and peace. The Nobel Prize was given to four winners on 3 continents on Tuesday. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets the award for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 decades. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food” which improved the lives of 400 million people. The award, which is worth around 105,000 euros each, also goes to the Ethiopian Yetnebersh Nigussie for her commitment to people with disabilities in Africa and worldwide. Investigative journalist Khadija Ismayilova from Azerbaijan receives the award for her courageous exposure of corruption at the highest level of government, which also landed her in prison. The non-endowed honorary award goes to the American environmental lawyer Robert Bilott, who represented 70,000 citizens in the US state of West Virginia in a case where drinking water was chemically contaminated. With their courageous work, the award winners met some of the world's most pressing challenges.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines flight bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew many comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is planning to open 300 new stores in Italy in the next six years. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee stronghold of Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries, just not Italy.
The broadcaster ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a kind of PR product for the police. As with all productions, the responsibility for the programs lies with ATV. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. The broadcaster emphasized that this planned program will not change, even if employees of the Ministry of the Interior might have liked to do it differently. In the event of an attempted editorial intervention, the format will be stopped.
Kurt Wilhelm is the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop on Neubaugasse. He says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken out against it. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. Wilhelm says, "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minutes intervals." On the part of the business people, they don't want to be an obstacle. "Overall concept" Peter Herzog, operator of the Sonnentor branch, takes the same view. He doesn't want to be an obstacle, he says. "But I can't imagine that there aren't conflicts of interest on the street when Vienna's largest bus drives through in both directions."
Hans Peter Doskozil is the new head of the Federal Administrative Court. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The very appointment of the current head of cabinet, Lieutenant General Karl Schmidseder, was a political signal from Doskozil. Back then it was about getting the generals back on board. A civilian worked in the cabinet of Gerald Klug, and the basis for discussion between the political leadership and the generals was severely damaged. The problem no longer exists. The communication between Doskozil and Chief of Staff Othmar Commenda is described as excellent. Schmidseder is now needed to implement the army reform. A mammoth task, because most associations have to be reorganized.
On January 29th, Vox will start a new season of "Kitchen Impossible". In the new season, a local chef will serve you his regulars' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will then judge how well this has worked. On January 29th, Vox will start the new season of "Kitchen Impossible". This time, in addition to Tim Mälzer and Tim Raue, Meta Hiltebrand, Christian Lohse, Roland Trettl, Peter Maria Schnurr, Maria Groß, Hans Neuner and Holger Bodendorf are also taking part in the cooking competition. In each episode, two of them travel separately to two travel destinations. There, a local chef will serve you his regular guests' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases are the biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst is the employee of the Association for Consumer Information (VKI). Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst says: "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside", says the VKI employee from the current food check. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly." Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the Inzersdorfer can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria".
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The agreement is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be "fully implemented and respected by all parties". "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat Fatah al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of 7 moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be combated as a terrorist group.
On November 7, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan left for Canada. She is united with her family. The "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" (Friday) quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook, according to Kathpress. The "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" was the first Catholic in Pakistan to be charged with blasphemy in 2009. In 2014, a court in Lahore upheld the death sentence. In 2015, another court ordered the execution suspended. Another appeal process followed. Islamist Pakistan's Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a petition to review the acquittal. Church representatives, human rights activists, aid organizations and politicians welcomed this. Since then, nothing has legally stood in the way of Bibi and her family leaving the country. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The police are on the street in Munich. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the street in the area around the shopping center OEZ. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. The police are on the street in the area around the shopping center OEZ. There are numerous photos of the crime scene that are uploaded. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media. The police are on the scene quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the street in the area around the shopping center OEZ. Some Munich locals are using the Periscope app and live video from Facebook with direct video transmissions in real time about the OEZ. There are numerous photos of the crime scene that are uploaded. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police received 4,310 emergency calls. In fact, the many false reports hindered the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least three perpetrators. New horror reports are said to have been fired at the Stachus, a popular square in Munich's old town. Another shooting near the subway station at Marienplatz was circulated on Twitter. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police counted 4,310 emergency calls on Friday evening, 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of live reports, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine in the evening, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it only becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators. Shots were still fired at Stachus or near Marienplatz. In fact, the many false reports hindered the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. The police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that."
Children who see fast food ads are twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such ads. The parents of the children were followed for a year. The children were between 3 and 5 years old. Every eight weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much fast food advertising the children had noticed. In addition, the parents reported how often their child has eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. The results showed that children who had seen a lot of fast food advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as children without it. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent. The results show that advertising can influence children even more than the good role model of the family.
Because it was her heart's last wish, the Forth Clinic brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible. Almost 12,000 people have liked the post so far. The clinic did not expect such an echo, said the spokesman. Again and again the palliative care unit tries to fulfill a last wish of dying patients. "There are no limits for us. A call doesn't cost anything. You can always ask questions and the person asked can always say 'no'." "Dana's" owner immediately agreed after the request: "There was no question at all about doing it," she said.
The Federal President of Germany, Alexander Van der Bellen, died on Monday night after a short, serious illness. Brigitte Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife and, together with their two sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the APA request from the President's Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a variety of materials to produce useful tools in different ways. In experiments, they show flexible and spontaneous tools use, they explain in the specialist magazine "Biology Letters". In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. This makes this Indonesian parrot species ideal objects of study, because the use of a tool is not an innate behavior, but an individual invention of the bird. Auersperg and her colleagues have previously observed one of their cockatoos, named Figaro, spontaneously prying a splinter out of a larch board to push food out of the cage. Now they tested the manual and intellectual abilities of Figaro and three other cockatoos with regard to tools in more detail. How the bird gets to the nut They placed bits of cashew on a base in a transparent box. This box had a hole about an inch in diameter through which the birds could use a chopstick to knock the nut off the base, causing the treat to tumble out of the box. However, the researchers did not make it so easy for the cockatoos by providing them with ready-made tools, just raw materials.
In the Arctic, spring starts earlier than it did ten years ago. The cause for this is probably the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
Bill Cosby, the famous comedian and actor, was convicted of three counts of sexual assault. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison. He was released on bail after the verdict was read by the police. The police took the photo shortly afterwards. The photo shows him in a white shirt with suspenders. He looks dejected in the photo and is not looking at the camera. Cosby's defense attorney, Joseph Green, failed to get Cosby released on bail pending a decision on the planned appeal. This would be tried in the next higher court, the Superior Court in Harrisburg. This court must hear the case before the Supreme Court, the highest court in the state of Pennsylvania. Cosby also faces a $25,000 fine and court costs. Cosby declined the opportunity to comment on the verdict. He also did not respond to questions from reporters. His spokesman Andrew Wyatt said after the verdict that he knows that God is watching over him. No trial in US history has been more racist and sexist than this one.
With the end of the summer holidays, the large construction sites usually disappear from the streets again. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th until December 13th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: “Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz.” Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has been used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary of Whatsapp has announced this on Monday in Jakarta, Indonesia. The five-recipient limit scheme was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation was spread about the app. WhatsApp has also been used to spread fake news and propaganda in many countries. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
In Europe, bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals. They collect nectar and pollen of all kinds six kilometers around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they collect honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the beekeeper. Pollination service included. In Austria there is no competition for food between honey and wild bees. Wherever the honey bee was brought to, in special habitats such as in America or Australia, these could influence each other. In this country everything that helps the local honey bee also strengthens the wild high-flyers.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences. The result is that we are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question in a new study.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, it is struggling for air: colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is also more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. "Cat flu is actually an umbrella term for contagious diseases of the respiratory tract and the mucous membranes of the head," says Katharina Reitl. The KURIER animal coach explains which symptoms bother the patient, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Findings "Cat cold is caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other," says the veterinarian. As a result, the actual cause of the disease cannot be easily clarified. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the animal is healthy. It is possible that not enough mucous membrane was scraped off, the herpes may have just retreated and is waiting undetected for the next outbreak. Treatment "The therapy depends primarily on the severity," says the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal.
In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. The city councilor Ulli Sima and the green environmental spokesman Rüdiger Maresch will come into force this summer. The industry is "surprised" and "shocked" by the change. The regulation would deprive the 28 Viennese Fiaker companies of the economic basis. In the future, if at least 35 degrees are measured at Stephansplatz, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. The city councilor Ulli Sima and the green environmental spokesman Rüdiger Maresch will come into force this summer. The industry is "surprised" and "shocked" by the change.
In August 2018, Greta Thunberg started a protest in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to combat climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
One of the most extraordinary voices in the acting world has fallen silent. The actor Peter Matić will never speak again. He was 82 years old. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schiller Theater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 to 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper and in Reichenau. He also played numerous film roles. Peter Matić was not only a celebrated actor, he was loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
In Berlin, thousands of people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part. In London, for example, according to the organizers, around 100 people took part. In New York, many people took part in the event again this time. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures.
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be a candidate for the next Vienna state elections. She will be available until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. She said that by the time she leaves, all major projects of the legislative period should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed. Vassilakou has been with the Greens since 1995 and has been in the state parliament since 1996 and has been Deputy Mayor since November 2010.
The elephants in Schönbrunn Zoo show how to make the hot days of this week more bearable. The pachyderms are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. "Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it," said Harald Schwammer, the zoological director of the Vienna Zoo. The pachyderms follow an important bathing rule in an exemplary manner: shower before bathing. "It's the same with elephants as it is with us. It's quite an effort to get in at first. When they've had a shower, they much prefer to go in," says animal keeper Andreas Buberl. Another bathing rule is completely disregarded: do not eat anything before bathing. The elephants even eat while they are bathing.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. The Austrian national soccer team clinched their second win in a row, moved up to third place in Group G and is just one point behind second place held by Israel. The coach of the Austrian national soccer team, Franco Foda, said: "Compliments to every single player, that was a great team effort. Victory at this level is absolutely deserved". The false start with 2 defeats last March has now been corrected. "The team have shown that they can withstand the pressure," said Foda. There were only two flaws in the success in Skopje. Martin Hinteregger's own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner and the lack of efficiency. "If you have to or can criticize something, it's the evaluation of chances. We should have scored one or two more goals, but we're satisfied," said Foda. "We played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, we didn't pay attention to the own goal, but we came back anyway." Even when the score was 0:1, the team boss said he had no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we also created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well." Foda said: "You can see that the group is very tight. Poland is marching ahead, that's to be expected. Second place will remain exciting until the end. We're back in full swing, that was very important to us."
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the shrapnel grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. The women's soccer team is called FC Mariahilf. It will play against the women's team FC Mariahilf in Vienna, Austria. The women's team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the importance of sport," says Danilo Zennaro.
In Rome, Italy, people are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. Police on Tuesday night blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on monuments. Violators face fines of up to 400 euros. Some behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control. Other cities in Italy are also trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists in Venice had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." - "Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. The topic is not taken seriously. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake, obesity and lack of exercise are the main risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria (GCA) on Tuesday morning, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday. The explosion caused one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district in Austria.
The city of Vienna will set up 6 new security bollards in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, 6 further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Russia and Syria have reached a new cease-fire in Syria. The cease-fire has been announced by Russia and Syria. The cease-fire started at 8:00 a.m. Russian soldiers and rebels were fighting in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr and other areas. An eleven-hour cease-fire announced by Russia and Syria came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST).
Almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. Therefore caution and an awareness of dubious offers are essential. Anyone who pays attention to this has little to fear when shopping on the Internet," says Thorsten Behrens, Managing Director of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and Project Manager of the Internet Watchlist, and adds: "Fraudulent activities exist both online and offline. Panic about online trading is therefore inappropriate. Rather, it is about raising awareness of this and dealing with possible dangers." The top types of Internet fraud are subscriptions, fake payment requests and goods that have not been delivered but already been paid for. This is followed by malware (viruses, Trojans, etc.) and blackmail with videos or images. The expert also confirms: "We see that subscriptions have increased significantly in the last year. They are well disguised as supposedly free offers and services and range from streaming services to holiday booking platforms and sweepstakes. Consumers who want to use these services subscribe without knowing it. As a result, they are confronted with high bills and letters from collection agencies or lawyers. "Those who allow themselves to be intimidated and comply with payment requests unjustifiably lose money," says Behrens. Anyone who is unsure can get free advice from the Internet Ombudsman. The study shows that the awareness of dubious offers among Internet users has increased: If the respondents find offers strange or dubious, then 44.3% research the experiences of others on the Internet and look for customer reviews. Almost 30% look at quality seals, as a sign of reputable online providers. The Internet Watchlist Internet is the main source of information about online fraud.
German-Russian researchers have found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings of the skull have been evidence of early human medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 years old are said to have survived the operation.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron, who was born in Austria in 1944, died on Monday at the age of 72 in Baden near Vienna. He was famous with his songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn", "Dovichenja Yugoslavija" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. He was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For his health reasons, he repeatedly took long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibition. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show" Sigi Maron live:
Pre-washed mixed leaf salads are popular because they save time in the kitchen. The testers from the Verbraucher magazine lost their appetite for the pre-cut salad because it had problems with hygiene or storage. In addition to the high level of germs, the consumer advocates in the April issue criticize the wilting to squishy contents and a bad smell. The pre-washed mixed leaf salads or mixed salads were bought from the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters, stored professionally until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germs were so high that we can only advise against consumption. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The guideline and warning values of the German Society for Hygiene and Microbiology were used for the assessment. The German experts have set a warning value of 1,000 colony-forming units per gram. One product in the test measured 450,000 units per gram, 450 times as much as other products. In the case of yeast fungi, the warning value was exceeded by 6 products. One sample was particularly highly contaminated with mold, another also contained listeria.
For the first time in 85 years, Lacoste has removed the famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. The crocodile was originally designed as a tribute to the brand's founder, René Lacoste. The French tennis player was dubbed a crocodile on court for his tenacity. In 1933 he founded his clothing company. The crocodile was the first company logo to appear on a shirt. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered. The latter is only emblazoned on a total of 30 polo shirts.
In Texas, 19 judges will be newly elected in the state of Texas. 17 of them will be judges in the state of Texas. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto Ourke won to Republican Ted Cruz in the state.
In the next few days, EuroPride 2019 will be held in Vienna. There will be live music and food stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund -Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
In Italy, the water supply network is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost more than 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. While EU countries invest an average of EUR 80 per inhabitant in the water network, it is only EUR 32 in Italy. The environmental protection association " Legambiente" criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. A sub-committee of the UN General Assembly voted on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several states that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
No country in the world protects children's health, their environment and their future. According to a report published by a commission of more than 40 child and youth health experts from around the world on Wednesday night. The commission is called "A Future for the World's Children?" The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. The reasons for this threat include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco on children. It is estimated that around 250 million children under the age of 5 in low- and middle-income countries are at risk of not reaching their developmental potential. But even more worrying is that every child worldwide is being impacted by climate change and commercial pressure. The report also highlights the threat to children from harmful marketing. There is evidence that in some countries children see up to 30,000 commercials on TV in a single year. Anthony Costello, one of the commission's authors, says: "(...) We have few facts and figures on the tremendous expansion of social media advertising and algorithms targeted at our children."
"I'm not staying at home at a time when Europe's old demons are rising again," said Johannes Voggenhuber (68) after List Now boss Maria Stern introduced him as her top candidate for the EU elections. Due to his long political experience, he was "simply the best" in the European Parliament. Stern explained that he was running not least because the idea of European unity was in danger. They are undermined by the government, who are "exercising their egoism on the backs of Europe." Another new name Voggenhuber made it clear that this was not a conventional candidature. He is running independently, with the support of the list "Now". In order to underline this independence in the EU election campaign, Voggenhuber will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, a new name was found once again: "Initiative 1 Europe". He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the campaign. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform.
Hong Kong is the oldest captive panda in the world. The oldest captive panda was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region. She was 38 years old. She was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978. She came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted. The panda lady had lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three. She was so exhausted. Veterinarians from the Departments of Agriculture, Fisheries, Conservation and Ocean Park decided to euthanize her for ethical reasons and to avoid further suffering for her.
Norbert Schnedl is the new head of the powerful civil servants' union. He was elected as the new chairman of the union with 96.6 percent of the votes. He succeeds GÖD veteran Fritz Neugebauer and in order to step out of his shadow, you need something weighty in day-to-day political business. With his first announcement, Schnedl got applause from the Red Party. This is not surprising, since he is calling for a radical reduction in working hours for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. As is well known, the People's Party calls for more flexible working hours, which has nothing to do with a reduction.
The 27th New Year's Eve Festival in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. It started at 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center as well as one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival ended at midnight with two fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. But now, L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her Instagram account, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it. She says that anyone who shows their hair is just grooming it so they can show it off to others.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will be held on the Danube Island in Donau, Austria. There will also be a Falco tribute this year. As of today, the entire program for the Danube Island Festival is available. The Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will be performing there on Saturday. The Falco tribute concert will take place on Saturday on February 19th. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja. The Rainhard Fendrich's new album On Sunday, the festival stage is all about Rainhard Fendrich. He will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday. Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer this year. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time. Incidentally, you can get all the information about the Danube Island Festival via the free Donauinsel app.
The ORF has revamped its TVthek. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. The start page has been completely revamped. It is now presented in a grid pattern. If you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The navigation has also become more user-friendly. The ORF is taking "another decisive step in its digitization offensive". The ORF is also taking "another decisive step in its digitization offensive". In this way, TVThek can "ensure its leadership position".
The Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Anker wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to Ankerbrot boss Lydia Gepp. After a 3 day vegan pop-up store on Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. New vegan snack bars developed This branch sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are currently planned, the company said. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000. Sales fell significantly from 82.3 million to 71.9 million.
More and more Austrians are arming themselves and want to buy security. The average price of security doors for apartments and houses in Austria was 130.3 million euros in 2015, according to the current industry radar from the consultants Kreutzer Fischer & Partner. Investments are particularly strong in apartments. The trend is clearly towards doors in the upper security classes. The demand for security doors of the highest class increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent last year. Apartment doors are generally only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, hardly anyone would believe it. But the 4th announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the state chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months, which has become a kind of super department: construction, homeland, interior affairs. It is a double burden that is too much for Seehofer. There are many topics that didn't really interest him, there were rumors in Berlin. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country sometimes two government crises. Seehofer has been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people to the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. And instead of commenting on the riots of right-wing extremists in Chemnitz, he let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. The fact that the CSU suffered heavy losses there was also due to Seehofer's appearance in Berlin, officials and members agreed on the evening of the election. Except for the question of style in the dispute with the Chancellor, he has so far shown no sign of self-criticism. He was referred to a Spiegel cover story that described him as "The Danger". You have to accept and cope with all of this, he explained shortly after the Bayern election. The fact that the CSU suffered heavy losses there was also due to Seehofer's appearance in Berlin, officials and members agreed on the evening of the election.
The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) has conducted a survey of 208 Christmas cookies from the supermarkets. It found that most of the Christmas cookies contained palm oil. But not all of the Christmas cookies contained palm oil. The majority of Christmas cookies were made without palm oil. The largest percentage of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest percentage of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," explains VKI project manager Birgit Beck. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the list of ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products," says Beck. "Anyone who wants to keep their palm oil consumption as low as possible actually helps - in addition to carefully selecting the products only: buy less, prepare more yourself. If you make your own Christmas cookies, you can choose the ingredients and either bake with butter or use a palm oil-free margarine." Why palm oil is harmful The vegetable fat has a high proportion of saturated fatty acids: Consuming too much of palm oil, for example in ready meals, can have a negative effect on blood lipid levels and thus on the effect of insulin in the body. This increases the risk of developing diabetes. In addition, the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) published a study on pollutants in 2016 Vegetable oils: Specifically, the pollutants 3-MCPD and glycidyl ester were examined. The main cultivation areas are currently Indonesia and Malaysia, where huge areas of rainforest have to give way to palm oil plantations. Oil palms were cultivated on a good 18 million hectares in 2015 – 3 times as much as in 1990. The cultivation practices have come under criticism: environmental destruction, land grabbing and human rights violations.
Kobe Bryant was a basketball player from the Los Angeles Lakers. He played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and 3 other daughters.
Asfinag's section control systems have developed into the road maintenance company's cash cow. The route radar is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the Ost-Autobahn near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's pockets. When the new section control system goes into operation on the 13-kilometer construction site section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked for the construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible. The new section control system can monitor various speed limits depending on the type of vehicle. The newly established Section Control on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn between Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Lower Austria has a maximum speed of 80 km/h.
Tom Perez, a civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor, has been elected as the new leader of the Democratic Party. Tom Perez is 55 years old. He is actively campaigning for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election. He defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders, who lost in the presidential election. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Tom Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency has pardoned twelve prisoners. They will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The annual Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President of Austria. Since there is currently no formal Christmas amnesty, because Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been left to National Council President Doris Bures. Bures said that the Christmas amnesty has a long tradition in Austria, which should not be interrupted in this special year. With the decision, the National Council Presidency followed the proposal of the Minister of Justice in its entirety. Prisoners who have been imprisoned for less than 5 years are eligible for a pardon. At least one third of the sentence must have already been served and the remainder of the sentence must not exceed 18 months. Offenders who have been convicted of sexual offences, serious violent offenses or drug offenses are excluded from the Christmas clemency campaign.
Because 75,700 new nursing staff will be needed in Austria by 2030, there is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social professions. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn in 5 locations in Austria.
Novak Djokovic won his 16th Grand Slam title at Wimbledon. It was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of Djokovic, who was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, champion of the year 2001, at Wimbledon. It is his fifth Wimbledon victory - he caught up with Björn Borg, only Roger Federer and Pete Sampras were more successful in the professional era (since 1968) at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. The celebrities in the stands: final pro Djokovic likes being in the Wimbledon final. With 6 participations on the last day of the tournament, there was only one defeat in 2013 - against Andy Murray. Federer now has a Wimbledon final record of 8-4 wins. In the first set, the two best grass players in the world had nothing great to offer but setbacks, Djokovic remained more concentrated in the final tie-break. Federer's mood to play, he dictated the game and also risked more, was rewarded in the second set, which his 32-year-old opponent soon gave away. In the third set, both men held their service games until the final tie-break. And again it was Djokovic who had the longer breath in the finish. Curious: Djokovic led 2-1 in sets without having earned a single breakball. He managed the first break in the fourth set. The Swiss also won the set 6:4. In the fifth it was the veteran who had 3 breakballs with a 2-1 lead - but missed them all. Match points saved Djokovic again had break points at 3:2. He missed the first one due to a slight return error. Djokovic led 4-2. But the record champion didn't give up and used the second of his breakballs in the next game. Everything open again. Up to 7:7, Federer fought for a breakball, which he used with a wonderful passing ball. The fans were over the moon and kept cheering on Federer. The Swiss then had two match balls on his own serve. Djokovic was wide awake during these phases. And managed the re-break. So no end after all. And there was a tie-break at 12:12 - this regulation has been in place since this year, as if you had guessed it. In this, Djokovic, who received the equivalent of 2.63 million euros for the title, showed himself to have stronger nerves. Federer could only have overtaken Rafael Nadal with a title.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a decree on Monday. The decree is related to the expansion of the range of tasks for the standby unit. The taser can help above all when, for example, knife attacks have to be warded off. In missions where such attacks are to be expected, the taser should also be available at the scene.
There are around 3500 pieces of wooden roller coasters in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, which have been sold through VEDES wholesale since January 2016. VEDES wholesale products to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, The Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own this product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out again, it goes on to say, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study with the support of the Austrian Agency for Food Safety. According to the available data, there is no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides. There is no evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is "no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures".
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga Manager Christoph Freund announced on Thursday, sporting director Christoph Freund signed a new contract that binds him to the club until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg said in a press release. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday. More than 260,000 people killed The FARC took up arms in 1964 in a fight against landlords and the government. In addition to the army, other left-wing guerrilla groups, right-wing paramilitaries and the drug mafia were also involved in the conflict. In total, more than 260,000 people were killed in the violent conflict that lasted more than half a century.
The first domestic Harry Potter fan event was held in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, is the third president in the United States to face an impeachment trial. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, has been accused of abuse of power and obstruction of investigations in the US Congress. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, has been charged with abuse of power and obstruction of investigations. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, has been accused of abuse of power and obstruction of investigations in the US Congress.
On January 25th, the FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Academeerball" because it was organized by the FPÖ. The FPÖ organized the "Offensive against the Right" because it is against fascism and neo-Nazism. In recent years, demonstrations against the fraternity event had caused large-scale closures in the city center.
The world's largest coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, may be in more danger than previously thought, according to a new study. Current aerial photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. The scientists believe that there is very little chance of recovery. How the reef could be saved The most severe recent damage, according to the scientists, affects the central part of the reef. In the past year, coral sticks in the north of the 2,300-kilometer-long reef have bleached out. Only in the south of the reef are the sticks still intact.
In the animal shelter in Vösendorf, 40 ducklings are being cared for, there were already 80 in total this year and more than 200 will probably be there next year. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association point out that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early.
Born in 2 minutes, not only in 2 days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. The boys were born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., their brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was quoted as saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than 2 kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos island of Fernandina, Ecuador, there are some giant tortoises. They are known as "Lonesome George". They are also called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that Galapagos island. They were last detected in 1906. There were no clear signs of life after that, it was feared that the giant tortoises had become extinct. Scientists assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints had led the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to suspect that there might still be some giant tortoises.
The Austrian team players will not have been able to watch the game until the day before their decider against Iceland. Because: If Austria climbs up to third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but the Croatian team knew before kick-off that they were through. But from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless and goalless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams. Bordeaux venue In the top game for group victory, Spain quickly left no doubts. It was already 1-0 in the 7th minute after a dream move: Silva played deep to Fàbregas, who put it back to Morata. What looked easy was actually high skill. It was the third EM goal for the 23-year-old. This is not the only reason why Morata is currently on everyone's lips. The forward on loan to Juventus belongs to Real and the Spaniards can and want to bring him back for €30m by June 30. But he should not play in Madrid, but be resold at a high price. Chelsea and Arsenal are interested. Lens scene In the north of France, the previously pointless and goalless Turks finally arrived in the tournament. Turkey took the lead in the tenth minute after a quick combination down the right by Burak Yilmaz. Due to the goal, the Czechs were suddenly only fourth in the group, so they were under even more pressure and challenged.
The government and the opposition have been arguing about the new Working Hours Act since September. The government has promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the "daily individual cases", the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified.
In May, the Netherlands introduced 100 km/h speed limit on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places.
Chestnuts are a popular winter snack. They are grown in autumn and winter months. Chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy staple. What the chestnuts can do for you? Chestnuts are rich in vitamins and minerals. They also have a high potassium content. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes elimination of toxins through the kidneys. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. This is what you need to know about chestnuts: 1. Complex carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raise blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable insulin level. Even the energy low that is typical of carbohydrate-rich food does not occur after eating chestnuts. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of dried chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes elimination through the kidneys. A high sodium intake from high-salt food is considered to be one of the causes of high blood pressure. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. 3. Important B vitamins Without B vitamins, nothing works in the body, since all B vitamins are important for carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. Chestnuts primarily provide vitamins B1 and B2. The former is particularly important for the metabolism of the nerves, brain and muscles. The latter plays a special role in converting fats, proteins and carbohydrates into nutrients. 4. Lots of vitamin C The winter snack can score points when it comes to the vitamin C content. Compared to other filling foods such as potatoes, lentils or soy, chestnuts provide a lot of immune-boosting vitamin C. Vitamin C lowers cholesterol and is good for the heart. 5. Good fat Chestnuts not only have a positive effect on cholesterol levels because of their vitamin C content. Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids are also beneficial. 6. Antioxidative potential The secondary plant substances contained in chestnuts are characterized by a high antioxidant potential and a strong anti-inflammatory effect. This is what you need to know about chestnuts:
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to the top security level. For this purpose, six of the most modern Panther 6x6 and 8x8 series airport extinguishers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding.
The oak trees in Vienna City Gardens are infested with the caterpillars. The caterpillars can spread their poisonous hairs on the trees. They can be active for up to 3 to 5 years. The pesticides are already being applied over forests by helicopter. In some cases, the measure comes too late. In the Lainzer Tiergarten, a children's playground, had to be closed because of the caterpillars. The problem with the caterpillars also exists in Germany. There, pesticides are already being applied over forests by helicopter. In some cases, however, the measure comes too late. In Dortmund, for example, an outdoor pool had to be closed because the trees in the neighboring park were infested with the oak processionary moth and the wind was spreading the poisonous hairs.
A strong earthquake on the Aegean island of Kos has killed at least 2 people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) also spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake. In Turkey, which is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured according to initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of the city. At the time of the quake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar had collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There is no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. According to the Greek state broadcaster ERT, the center of the earthquake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. Bodrum is about ten kilometers from Kos. According to the European Seismological Center, around 1 million people live in the area where the earth trembled. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings. The governor of the province of Mugla, Esengul Civelek, told the state news agency Anadolu that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage. "We were able to contact all districts," said Civelek, even if there were some problems with the power supply. Some people would spend the night outdoors for fear of more aftershocks.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness.
Last year, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria, which was significantly fewer than before the introduction of the sparkling wine tax in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the market to collapse by 20 percent. The finance minister in 2015 brought in around 15 million euros. The corks only popped at the sparkling wine manufacturers, who are exempt from the tax. In the previous year alone, 14 million bottles of sparkling wine were sold in Austria.
Now the Finns also have their Clásico. At least that's what the Finns say. However, not in football, it can actually still learn something from the Austrian kicking. The Finnish classic refers to Formula 1. Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Mercedes, the most dominant team in recent years, has had Valtteri Bottas on the gas since the beginning of the year. "One Finn at Ferrari, another at the Silver Arrows. It's like Real Madrid versus FC Barcelona," says the friendly and somewhat stressed motorsport journalist from Finland. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. Just don't miss a Bottas-Sager. The taciturn Kimi is more about the atmosphere. "Kimi is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that." Exciting task Finland is a proud motorsport country (see the article below right) and Valtteri Bottas, 27, became a star almost overnight. At Mercedes, on the one hand, he should replace the surprisingly retired world champion Nico Rosberg and, on the other hand, stand up to the exceptional Lewis Hamilton. There are simpler tasks in motorsport, but currently hardly any more attractive ones.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 investigated the same question. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. They then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. In 1988, a soap manufacturer commissioned a similar study, which came to the same conclusion. For the survey, bacteria were inoculated into a bar of soap, 16 sample ends were allowed to handle it and then the degree of bacterial contamination was determined. Again, no bacteria could be detected after hand washing. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary: they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists, especially during the winter months. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress.