"Journey around the World" is a musical based on a novel by Jules Vernes. It will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it was clear that this musical should be special. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature. "Opera fans will recognize plenty of references, and for those unfamiliar with it, simply experience an exciting adventure story in the form of a special musical," promises composer Gisle Kverndokk. Hans Kudlich's stage provided some special surprises at this premiere: the disc with a 25 percent incline was a challenge for the choreographer Simon Eichenberger, "the first rehearsals were pure mountaineering and sliding". Of course, this special feature is physically demanding for the ensemble, but we will manage to make everything look very easy.
Helmut Gragger will open the social bakery in Vienna next week. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should then bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Helmut Gragger. Social bakery: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. How is Chorherr nine months after resigning his mandate in the Vienna City Council? "Being soon 59 being allowed to be a baker, allowed to be an entrepreneur, allowed to build something, to be allowed to create a place that has a bigger goal - namely education and training - is great joy." The former politician will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than 2 decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Upper Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for 3 years". An employee with a manic-depressive illness also works in the social bakery in the Nordbahnviertel: "When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone just wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without the customers noticing that we're training. Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal: "What else is supposed to change the world apart from education? Next year we will be opening in cooperation with Caritas in Serbia and in Cooperation with a Roma association in Albania." Whether in Africa, in Eastern Europe or in Austria: the focus is always on a 250 degree hot wood stove. The soft heat of the stone should remove as much moisture as possible from the bread.
It was a tough exchange of blows, just as Donald Trump is known to appreciate. At his meeting in the White House, Sebastian Kurz experienced the US President "exactly as one has always heard about him. He is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him". For businessman and dealmaker Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States simply being cheated by the global rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House.
In Austria, there are more cases of the eyeworm than in other countries. The eyeworm is very rare in Austria. In recent years, infections with the eyeworm have increased in humans and dogs. The eyeworm is very hard to treat. The eyeworm can be up to 15 cm long. The skinworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in the large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years and release their larvae into the blood again and again. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The therapy can be carried out with medication or by a surgical intervention. The patient can hardly be saved. Protective measures Pets that are allowed outside should be dewormed regularly. The KURIER animal coach advises: "There is no vaccination against worms, but there are effective repellents that keep mosquitoes away, as a spot on or as a collar." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles & Co? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
A search and rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The accident victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, according to Preimesberger, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man who was responsive out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green traffic light shows his hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to local media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer. If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop; if they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the implementation: 3 weeks after the traffic light was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty. Westminster sank again into traffic chaos. But the story of the traffic light had only just begun. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it was flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber was nominated as the new party chairman by the Carinthian ÖVP. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She lives in the German town of Pinneberg. She has Down syndrome. The reason why her ID card was changed is because she cannot identify with her. That's why the 14-year-old made her own new ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, Hannah noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID document. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID card only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give her ID card a different name. She wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of wealthy industrialists. He worked, among other things, as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. And saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date of his death.
The World Health Organization ( WHO) has published a report on the health of men. According to the report, men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth.
In the run-up to Christmas, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products. Experts say that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just some of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, five-month-old panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure for the first time. Now many visitors want to see the young animals in person, but they have to queue to do so. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was 3 year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz and dad Martin. The 3 are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," laughs Papa Martin. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend. After the New Year, the Schönbrunn Zoo is being explored, and the pandas couldn't be missing. Christine Buberl is one of the lucky few who has seen the baby animals. She is delighted with the little ones: "The pandas are a very special highlight, especially since twin births are rare," explains the Viennese. Together with her grandchildren Alma and Theo, she is queuing for the second time because: "Up until now I've only seen pandas on TV," says Theo.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are already going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not very resilient enough to learn. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume. What distinguishes over 50-year-olds on the labor market from younger job changers? The qualifications of many of today's 50-year-olds, who were well-trained specialists at the beginning of their careers, have often not been able to keep up with rapid digital progress. That is why continuing education is so important to them. Those over 50 who invest in cross-industry skills score particularly well here: foreign languages, IT or key skills such as project or process management or scrum masters.
The Burgenland Red Cross has been working for the Red Cross since 2004. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on the weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber, who works on a voluntary basis. Around 2,500 times a year, the first responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
The "SozialMarie" has been honoring 15 outstanding socially innovative projects since 2005. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects. The "SozialMarie" awards are awarded to people who have outstanding socially-innovative projects.
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The twins are a boy and a girl. The twins were born in 2007 in China. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. They now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock, but can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat. Video Schönbrunn Zoo has its own YouTube channel. At birth, the twins were around ten centimeters tall and weighed about 100 grams. Both now weigh about 1 kilogram and are estimated to be 35 centimeters long from the tip of the nose to the tip of the tail. There are no exact dates yet, because the animal keepers are still only observing the animals in the whelping box via the camera. They see that mother Yang Yang is caring for both of them and can already tell the twins apart.
On March 25, the 41-year-old driver from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital. The 38-year-old is an acquaintance of the father. The chauffeur is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering physical safety and negligent endangerment of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of Austria voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council is the legislative body of Austria. The National Council is the legislative body of Austria. The National Council decides what happens in the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council votes in favour of the new system. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System. The National Council voted in favour of the reform of the Austrian Social Security System.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench: the body reacts to heavy exercise by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the underwear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of the Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian.
The government in Austria has passed many laws. Some of them are very controversial, such as a ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, a new ban on knives for foreigners and, above all, the highly controversial Site Development Act, which accelerates environmental impact assessments and thus construction projects. The law is intended to enable faster procedures as soon as a project has been classified by an advisory board as "location-relevant" and "in the public interest". This procedure precedes the EIA. If it is decided within a maximum of 6 months that a project is relevant to the location, then after a further 6 months the EIA must be clear as to whether the project can be approved. This means that after twelve months it is clear whether a project can be approved in principle and after 18 months there must be approval or rejection. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. However, environmental organizations are also critical of the amended law. Global 2000 believes that ending the EIA in the first instance by setting a deadline is not a solution to fundamental legal problems. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and critical large-scale projects are pushed through.
Rudolf Greul is a refugee contact officer. He is the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee homes. He is responsible for 6 refugee homes. He drops in on Grosse Stadtgutgasse and asks if anything has happened. He says, it doesn't happen very much," says Greul. In the ten months that he was assigned to the refugee home as a refugee officer, there were 4 violent clashes and one case of property damage. And that with 45 very pubescent young people. That's also on every school ski course. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus". However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are no more conspicuous than our children. However, many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee accommodation in Grosse Stadtgutgasse, there are also 20 refugees over 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school.
Ginger can be used to treat acute migraine headaches. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The participants were adults with episodic migraines. They have up to 6 attacks per month, either with or without an aura. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both also received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen). The patients filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, and after 1 and a half and 2 hours. The intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measured after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
For several years there has been a wide range of city walks in Vienna. This ranges from small neighborhood tours by Viennese for Viennese to themed tours by professional tourist guides. Christa Bauer, President of the Association of Certified Vienna Tourist Guides, says: "On the one hand, the Viennese wanted to get to know the culture and history better. On the other hand, at some point they realize that there is so much to discover in Vienna that they don't even know yet." Half of the participants in such tours are from Vienna and the surrounding area. The special tours were particularly well received - on topics such as eroticism, taxes and crime stories. The KURIER has an overview: Talking statues of Goethe near the Burggarten, Beethoven next to the Ritz-Carlton and the Soviet soldier on Schwarzenbergplatz. All kinds of personalities have already been memorialized in Vienna. On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments - and slip into the role of the statues themselves. Info : 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors.
Judges, civil servants and employees are protesting against the planned cuts in the Federal Administrative Court. There is massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours, reported Judge President Sabine Matejka of the APA. The representatives of the profession hope that this will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the expected broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures. Because with the planned cuts, the courts could not maintain their services and quality to the extent planned. The police force will be increased at the same time, which would mean more reports and more work for the criminal courts. There is also a risk of an extension of asylum procedures, as positions at the Federal Administrative Court are to be axed. In view of the wave of refugees, the 120 temporary posts granted there are not to be extended.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also experienced the wave of indignation that ill-considered postings at a late hour can trigger. On Shrove Tuesday at 0.26 a.m. Strache put a photo montage with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: “There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF.” The joke went haywire. Strache threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed on a settlement.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is closed the most in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is 11 days. Solution The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for 5 days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach. Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take 2 weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for 4 weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother. Cooperation Mayors Leo Radakovits from Güttenbach and Thomas Novoszel from Neuberg, both ÖVP, started planning at the beginning of the year. "Our kindergartens are only two kilometers away as the crow flies," says Novoszel. So the cooperation is a logical step. The educators of the two communities have coordinated. The employees in Neuberg have vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. So they only have one week without childcare.
A study has found that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study done by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If physically very fit women developed dementia, it was on average 11 years later than women with only moderate fitness, for example at the age of 90 instead of 79. These results are exciting because it is possible that improving fitness in middle age can delay or even prevent the onset of dementia. However, more research is needed.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the colossus will probably detach from the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica. The ice shelf is around 5,000 square kilometers. It is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice shelf. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The crack is not caused by an increase in temperature. Experts refer to floating ice masses that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of 4 distinct areas, of which Larsen C is the largest. According to the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, which also conducts research in polar regions, the ice shelves A and B disintegrated a few years ago.
The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing. For the city of Rotterdam, the floating farm closes an ecological cycle: recycling and upcycling of biomass is used for the production of dairy products. The cow manure should in turn be used for parks. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
In the spring of 2017, some drinks will be made into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate". And how about the trends in your favorite summer activity, the barbecue? Swineapple is now enjoyed there. Behind it is a hollowed-out pineapple, which is wrapped in bacon.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least three deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history and actually has nothing to do with you. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said as they understood it. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is a strong sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
The shiitake mushroom is very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms already cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair.
Vienna is one of the unfriendliest cities in the world for expats. According to the survey, people are the least friendly in Riyadh, Stockholm and Stuttgart. Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of people in Vienna said it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the national language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make friends with Austrians. 42 percent said it was easy to make new friends.
Christmas has become more important as a place of longing for Christmas, there are many reasons: While our living rooms first have to be decorated with poinsettias or Advent stars, the plant scientifically called Euphorbia pulcherrima just grows there in parks and on the roadside. Poinsettia Seen in this way, it transforms large parts of Mexico to the Caribbean, from Brazil and Venezuela to Argentina into real Christmas landscapes. With hues ranging from deep red to pink to white, it may also have been the inspiration for another South American attraction: Rio de Janeiro's floating Christmas tree. It stands on a pedestal in a lake near the botanical garden and thanks to its height of 85 meters it is also in the Guinness Book of Records. 2.9 million miniature light bulbs, dozens of kilometers of light chains and thousands of flashing lights ensure changing colors and effects. Whether in gold, decorated or as a festive green tree, the imposing steel construction of the tree of lights has developed into another tourist attraction since it first appeared in 1996, alongside carnival and New Year's Eve celebrations.
The new teacher training system is coming into effect. It means that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all the new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the PH. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs in clusters or associations. In practice, 4 associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg ), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
Sabrina Limbeck is a life and social counselor in Vienna. She founded Vienna's first separation clinic. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after they have been separated from their partner. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated from their partner. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. It is a place where people can talk about their feelings after they have been separated. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated from their partner. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated from their partner. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is a place where people can talk about their feelings after being separated from their partner. The separation clinic is located in Vienna.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem". However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. In the past, there were around 93 percent of civil servants who could not be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. But the coming years could bring some shortages, concerning civil servants. Civil servants should be able to work their way through their service while on sick leave. Civil servants should be able to work their way through their service while they are on sick leave. In addition, it is important to ensure that civil servants are deployed in a targeted manner where they are actually needed. Civil servants should be able to work their way through their service while on sick leave. Civil servants should be able to work their way through their service while on sick leave.
In Upper Austria, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses in Upper Austria. In Upper Austria, the state has been upgrading security since 2017. Security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities: from September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, is happy. "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses in Upper Austria.
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated world champion Germany 2:1. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). Germany controlled the game with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria played back to goalie Siebenhandl, whose unsuccessful shot landed on Özil, who thanked him with the 0:1. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities. Only gradually did Austria gain courage and direct the actions more deeply. Zulj tested Neuer with a shot that was fired too centrally, and shortly afterwards Grillitsch surprisingly fired a shot into the near corner, but Neuer proved with a great reflex that why he rightly has the right to claim number 1. Courage to take risks Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, but he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Lainer, who put it back to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria defended the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick. The accident happened near Carletonville, south of Johannesburg.
There are many charities in the world where you can donate money or donate things. For example, you can donate a braid to Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families who are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or especially near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
The grave find in Birka, Sweden, was discovered in 1878. The research team from Stockholm University sequenced the DNA of the bones and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile. The new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF headquarters will be renovated in Vienna. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters will be renovated in Vienna. The ORF headquarters will be located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland.
The United States and North Korea will meet again 8 months after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president had met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim emphasized his basic willingness to "complete denuclearization", i.e. nuclear disarmament. But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to disarm its nuclear weapons. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military operations. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being. Trump said, "Our hostages have come home, nuclear testing has stopped and there hasn't been a missile launch for 15 months".
On the 13th day of the Olympics, the Austrian ski team won in the Nordic Combined team competition. The Austrian ski team won gold and silver. Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards, there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. The Austrian ski team won gold and silver. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here. During the night, Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. Here is an overview of all events on Thursday: In the Olympic live blog you will then find out everything about the 13th Olympic Day: Click here for our Olympic Channel!
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on recipients of unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday. According to the AMS, most sanctions (plus 11,540 to 29,500) were due to work/training being refused or frustrated. A total of around 11,700 of these were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses, almost 7,200 more than in the first half of the year. More feedback from the training providers showed that training courses are absent on a daily basis.
18 minutes past midnight in Doha. Verena Preiner grabs her head, then kneels, puts it on the tartan track in the Khalifa Stadium. She enjoys the moment, as long as you can enjoy the red area after an 800 meter run. Bronze in the heptathlon, the queen discipline in women's athletics. Verena Preiner started the second day of the World Cup. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson, while Nafissatou Thiam from Belgium could no longer take silver. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. Suddenly she was 4th. After that she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost 3 meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears.
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to these things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not always the case. The poorest people in the world cannot keep up. This is shown by a study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in Laxenburg near Vienna, which was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electricity supply of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity from 20 to 80 percent of the population. It took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded on April 26, 1986, was officially put into operation. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to protect the whole planet and humanity from the radioactive contamination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover over the reactor is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons heavy. The protective cover is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the costs of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now they have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela Oliveira, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark house entrances. Now they are living together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, there has been no study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account. For the new research, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is a private food bank. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. There is also a sewing café and the "Death Café" where people talk about death and life. The Pannonic Table opens its doors six days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas, the children get presents.
The tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people had already been evacuated from the affected area, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to around 200,000 people. The storm moved northeast across the coastal region, weakening to wind speeds of about 130 kilometers per hour. After Odisha, the storm center was expected in the neighboring state of West Bengal and then in Bangladesh. Parts of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, south of Odisha, were also affected.
Rosie is 58 years old. She was homeless when she was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did she find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. "When I was 30, I wanted to be down to earth," says Rosie. She wanted a job and her own four walls. Susanne Peter, senior social worker at the crypt helped her find a place to stay. Rosie looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit "her party" and to organize tournaments in card games and puzzles.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", she would not have said it. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction," explained the Chancellor. The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the need for a pan-European solution had been pushed aside. "A lot of refugees came back in 2004 and 2005 - and we left it to Spain and others at the external borders to deal with it." At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue," Merkel added. This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders.
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. He won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one mixed in Australia, at the US Open and in Wimbledon. As a coach, Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. Mervyn Rose was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. The Australian Tennis Association did not give any details in a statement on Tuesday. Mervyn Rose won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one mixed in Australia. He coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank ( ECB ). In a secret ballot, 394 members of the European Parliament voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 members voted against the nomination of the Frenchwoman, 49 voted against. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ), first French economy minister, first head of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the 63-year-old Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
It is not only wrong, but can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp, head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid." If an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish. The secretion is neutralized by the stomach acid. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp : "Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football broadcasts on television. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct." In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. "This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. And what shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube. This can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
Atletico Madrid also won the final of the European Cup competition. It was the third final in the club's history in the Europa League. The Spaniards won the title of the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday evening in the Stade de Lyon. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as the champions of efficiency. The only chance before the break, which only resulted from a Marseille mistake, led to success. Zambo Anguissa couldn't stop the ball after an unideal pass from goalkeeper Steve Mandanda, but Griezmann played in the run for Griezmann and the striker had no trouble completing the goal from the best position (21'). Neither side waited for further top chances, but there was another piece of bad news for Atletico Madrid. Captain Dimitri Payet was eliminated in the 32nd minute with a thigh muscle injury. The injury could also thwart his hopes for participating in the World Cup. Local hero scored twice From the bench he saw the final preliminary decision in favor of the Spaniards, who once again demonstrated their strength in the game, as soon as it started raining. After winning the ball, they quickly went forward and Griezmann completed the action with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The next highlight for the French team striker at his "home game". His home town of Macon is only about 45 minutes from the final venue. The French seemed shocked and could not react. A Godin header just missed the post by inches. Only in the closing stages did Marseille become extremely dangerous. A Mitroglou header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards (81st). They in turn finally closed the sack, Gabi provided the final point (89th). Simeone was therefore able to step out on the pitch after having to watch the game from the stands.
German researchers have now investigated which type of movement brings more benefits. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. In the study, we were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in the study, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises under the name "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
Renate Müller (name changed) was a social worker. She helped other people get their lives under control. When she was in debt at the bank with 60,000 euros, she could no longer cope with her own life. As a single mother, she took out a loan on the advice of the bank advisor and later increased it. Eventually she got sick and had to retire. Then it was just too much to handle. The 70-year-old went into private bankruptcy. She pledged to pay back 50 percent of her debt within 4 years so that the rest could be forgiven. From then on, 700 euros were deducted from her a month, leaving 1100 euros for maintenance. She got her old clothes out of the box because you can't buy anything anymore. Renate Müller tells the KURIER: "I used to earn well, suddenly I couldn't even afford the hairdresser anymore. I'm one elderly lady and needs to dye my hair, my daughter did that for me." Tough time In January 2017, the bankruptcy proceedings for Renate Müller were completed, then she got her full pension again: "Four years are a hard time," she says: "If the cat needs a vet, that's a problem. And the bank gave me notice, people like that don't need them as customers. How you feel there!" More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 (ten years ago there were 5,351).
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum.
From 2022, the Austrian company, ÖBB, will offer barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain trains will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More trains will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged on the night train. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers, such as a table and reading lamp. People with visual impairments need to be able to get close to monitors and lettering in order to read texts. Blind people, for their part, need tactile information and location sounds in the door area for orientation. Everything that is said acoustically should be readable on a screen, deaf people demand. People with mental disabilities need quiet areas and places to retreat, as crowding can lead to stressful situations. "People are not disabled, they are being disabled. That's why it's important to involve people with disabilities as early as possible, continuously and on an equal footing in the planning processes. Then the jointly developed products and services will be easy to use for everyone."
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Four million tourists visited Cuba last year. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms will be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in Florida on Wednesday night. It was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had rapidly gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected area. But many did not follow the warnings. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear on Thursday. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. Panama City Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off every single block". When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified in the highest category 5 hurricane in the world. Footage from Mexico Beach showed widespread destruction, flooding, and debris. Images from the city of Panama City Beach also showed tattered remains of houses, torn roofs and fallen trees. Many people did not follow the warning The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear on Thursday. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of households.
The Soccer World Cup will take place in the year 2026. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of the soccer world. The Soccer World Cup will take place in 2026. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of the soccer world. The Soccer World Cup will take place in 2026 in Switzerland. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of the soccer world. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of the soccer world. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of the soccer world. The Soccer World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the history of the soccer world.
In Austria, the government wants to expand the role of the patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. With the research organization law, which is to be passed in parliament on Friday, data from state-managed databases may be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, land and company registers. This also includes the electronic health record ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad may request the data. The law says that anyone who can prove an interest in research and pays for reimbursement of costs - such as a doctoral student - "has a legal right to it," says data protection officer Werner Reiter. Is that important or is it dangerous? There are highly controversial opinions on this. Ruth Ladenstein, pediatric cancer researcher at Vienna's St. Anna Hospital, considers the law to be indispensable - for example for long-term studies. The fact that children with lymph node cancer have a massively higher risk of breast cancer in old age was only determined by such data. Citizen data is also indispensable for economic policy – for forecasts of unemployment figures and the economy.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also used in the recipes. The majority of the recipes are not suitable for sun protection. Inadequate protection The survey was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida. The researchers found that almost 70 percent of the recipes for homemade sunscreens are not suitable for sun protection. The researchers also found that many sunscreens are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens.
For twenty years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the states repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed be resumed.
The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk took part in the "Planai" summit picnic. The summit picnic started at 10 a.m. and ended at 11 a.m. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the "Planai" summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and EU Council President Donald Tusk took part in the "Planai" summit picnic. There were about 200 people waiting for the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the "Planai" summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, said that Austria wanted to be a “bridge builder” in order to reduce the tensions that had arisen in the EU. The focus of the six-month presidency is to be placed on the issue of security. "We want to create a Europe that protects," said the chancellor, using the official motto. For Tusk, who greeted media representatives and onlookers with a "First of all: Hello!", Austria could not have chosen a better motto for the summit picnic. Bulgaria's Prime Minister Borissov finally handed over the presidency of the Council to Kurz with an EU pennant, in the style of the ongoing World Cup. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the "Planai" summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. The Austrian Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow took part in the summit picnic. After the summit picnic, the political leaders stayed away from the summit picnic. With the exception of Karin Kneissl, who came with her husband and 2 dogs. The absence of Vice Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache (FPÖ) was particularly noticeable because his "arrival on the Planai" was announced at 11.05 a.m. Government spokesman Peter Launsky-Tieffen explained why Strache did not make it to Schladming with “personal reasons that cannot be postponed”. His representation Kneissl spoke of a "family celebration". The day ended as musically as it had begun:
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases: the level drops in almost every second person. Because the vitamin can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About two servings of oily fish or at least 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Risk groups and symptoms In particular, older people, night and shift workers, pregnant and breastfeeding women have an increased need. Their blood levels should be checked regularly. For most people, the vitamin D deficiency usually shows up as an incidental finding during another blood test, because the symptoms are very non-specific. A greater susceptibility to infections, poor wound healing, tiredness, bad mood, sleep disorders, a drop in performance, hair loss, nervousness and concentration problems are common. Severe vitamin D deficiency can also lead to depression, headaches, cardiac arrhythmias and growth disorders. Severe deficiency Severe vitamin D deficiency can lead to rickets, a growth disorder of the bones, and to osteomalacia, a softness of the bones.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. This is because the tracks are completely rebuilt. The tracks are now 35 years old. The tracks themselves are also completely rebuilt. Passengers who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised by Wiener Linien to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should allow ten to 20 minutes more travel time for your route during the closure.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese side won the European Football Championship in France with a spectacular 3:3 (1:1) against Hungary. The Portuguese side scored goals from Nani and Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese side scored the same goal twice in Lyon. The Portuguese missed out on another win after beating Iceland 1-1 and Austria 0-0, but still made it through to the knockout stages of the European Championship. The European Championship is a football tournament in Europe.
Gary Kurtz died at the age of 78. He was a filmmaker, photographer and musician. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being. He was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor. He was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor whose work and talent spanned film, photography, music and film history. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being.
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks. It came as a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," said Julian Baumgartlinger. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. Old joke The Austrian team manager, Marcel Koller, said that the Austrian national team has simply been together for too long for that; there are also too many players with high social skills in this team.
The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens. He explains how to deal with complicated colleagues. In order to overcome this, it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The writer of the book explains that the Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. "Employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness," says Rixgens. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens.
The Alternative Nobel Prizes have been awarded to fighters for human rights, environmental protection and peace since 1980. The awards are given to people who have been fighting for human rights, environmental protection and peace since 1980. The Right Livelihood Award Foundation often supports lesser-known fighters for peace, human rights and the environment with the Alternative Nobel Prize. Familiar faces have also been awarded the award a few times since 1980:
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at the Pudong International Airport in China. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines flight bound for Guangzhou after one of the nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous negative comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
In the next 6 years, 300 Starbucks stores will be built in Italy. The opening of the first Starbucks store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country was too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries.
ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a kind of PR product for the police. The broadcaster said in a statement that "As with all productions, the final editorial responsibility for the programs will be with ATV". If there are attempts to change the format, the format will be stopped. The broadcaster said: "This planned program will not change, even if employees of the Ministry of the Interior might have liked to do it differently. In the event of an attempted editorial intervention, ATV would stop production." The broadcaster stated that "we distance ourselves from the approach to dealing with the media and journalistic freedom". No projects will be realized in the future either, "where this principle is called into question".
Kurt Wilhelm is the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop in Neubaugasse. He says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken out against it. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. He says: "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minute intervals."
Hans Peter Doskozil is the head of the cabinet of Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The 45-year-old Alexandra Schrefler-König, judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court, becomes head of the cabinet of Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. The 45-year-old Schrefler-König comes from the Ministry of the Interior, where she was most recently head of the department for aliens police, visa and border control matters. Then she moved to the Independent Federal Asylum Board (UBAS) and to the Asylum Court. She not only has a good insight into practice - where she was attacked by activists because of some decisions - but has also appeared as an author of specialist publications. Doskozil's chief of staff, Brigadier Jürgen Ortner, is also preparing to change jobs. In a few months he will go to Washington as a military attaché.
On January 29th, the TV show "Kitchen Impossible" will be on the air with seven new episodes. In each episode, two of the chefs will travel to two different places in the world. There, a local chef will serve you his regular guests' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will judge how well they have cooked. The cooking competition will start on January 29th at 8:15 p.m. The broadcaster has also announced the cooking documentary "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves" for Sunday, January 8th. A top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them.
Katrin Mittl-Jobst is a member of the Association for Consumer Information. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst says: "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly." Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Katrin Mittl-Jobst says: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the plastic can with the tasty inscription beef goulash. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria."
The Syrian government and several opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The ceasefire is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". The US State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped that the agreement would be "fully implemented and respected by all parties". "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He reiterated that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat Fatah al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of seven moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the ceasefire will be combated as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan left for Canada. "She is united with her family," the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" (Friday) quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook, according to Kathpress. Accordingly, Asia Bibi had moved with her husband to the country where her 2 daughters are already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The police in Munich are on the run. The police are on the scene at the OEZ in Munich. The OEZ is a shopping center in Munich. The OEZ is a shopping center in the north of Munich. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. Around half past 6, the Munich police confirmed via Twitter: "At the moment we have a major police operation at the OEZ. Please avoid the area around the shopping center". Some Munich locals are using the Periscope app and live video from Facebook with direct video transmissions in real time about the OEZ. There are numerous photos of the crime scene that are uploaded. The videos and pictures show spooky scenes. Police officers, 4 of them, slowly moving forward with their guns unlocked, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments online. Twitter is a real-time short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. On the Internet, people can use Twitter and Facebook to spread their fears. In fact, there were 4,310 emergency calls on Friday evening, 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of the news, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine in the evening, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police counted 4,310 emergency calls on the Internet. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm during the night. The police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." The fear keeps growing. More and more people have long been certain that Islamists are at work. More and more pictures from the crime scene are being distributed online, and some media are using them. The photo from a shopping center in which blood and corpses can be seen, with a reference to the OEZ in Munich (see image on the left), is particularly bold. In fact, the picture is from a robbery near Johannesburg in South Africa. Horror reports Eyewitness reports of two men jumping into a vehicle at the scene and speeding away. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. New horror reports The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police counted 4,310 emergency calls on the Internet. In fact, there were 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of the news, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that."
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children who have no such ads. The German Alliance for Non-Communicable Diseases has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products. "Such advertising thwarts all efforts to teach children healthy nutrition," says Barbara Bitzer, the spokeswoman and managing director of the German Diabetes Society. "Industry's voluntary commitments have proven to be ineffective here. Therefore, only a ban helps to protect children from the harmful effects of advertising." The families were followed for a year for the study. The children were between three and five years old. Every 8 weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much fast food advertising the children had noticed in the children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. The results showed that children who had seen a lot of relevant advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as "ad-free" children. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
Because it was her heart's last wish, the Fürth Clinic brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The clinic did not expect such an echo, said the spokesman. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible.
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short, serious illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife and, together with their two sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the President's Office.
In the wild, the Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools. They use a wooden board, a piece of cardboard or a block of beeswax. They quickly realized that there was not much to do with the wax, they just stuck to their beaks and let it go. However, all four of them were able to produce useful tools from the beech twigs and get to the nut. Those who cut off all the leaves at once were faster than the lazy ones, who first tried it with half-leaf twigs and then had to correct them so that their chopsticks fit through the hole up to the nut. In addition to Figaro, two other cockatoos broke shavings from the larch board and got the reward out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts up to 16 days earlier than it did 10 years ago. The cause for this is the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in the lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
After being convicted of three counts of sexual assault, US comedian Bill Cosby has started his prison sentence. Police officers led the 81-year-old out of the courtroom in Norristown, Pennsylvania, in handcuffs on Tuesday. A collection point decides which of the 24 prisons in the state of Cosby will go to. He must serve a sentence of at least three and at most ten years imprisonment.
From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of the Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How does this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number. Peter Lenz says: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz appealed on Monday: "Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz." Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? The Linke Wienzeile is an old street. You can't just pick a cycle path there. Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has been used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary announced this on Monday in Jakarta. The five-recipient limit was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. It will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
In Europe there are almost 700 wild bee species. In Austria there are almost 700 wild bee species. In Austria, the bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen of all kinds six kilometers around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the bee queens. The honey bees are not choosy when it comes to collecting honey.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended seven hours, it is often only five or six, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration. The risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question in a study.
Cats can suffer from colds if they are not well-treated. Colds are common for cats at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. "Cat flu is actually an umbrella term for contagious diseases of the respiratory tract and the mucous membranes of the head," says Katharina Reitl. The KURIER animal coach explains which symptoms bother the cat, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Findings "Cat cold is caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other," says the veterinarian. As a result, the actual cause of the disease cannot be easily determined. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not always reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the animal is healthy. Treatment "The therapy depends primarily on the severity," explains the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case they stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal.
In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the city for 18 days. The city wants to pay more attention to "animal welfare-related issues", such as the effects of wearing a muzzle, tying the tail or regular feeding. The focus is on increased reconnaissance and controls. The amendment to the Fiaker and Horse Rental Car Act should pass the committee in June and then be decided by the state parliament.
In August 2018, Greta Thunberg started a protest in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to combat climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
The Austrian Chamber actor Peter Matić will never speak again. He was 82 years old. He died suddenly on Thursday, June 5. He was 82 years old. His last role was in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper and in Reichenau. He played numerous film roles. He was not only a celebrated actor, he was liked and loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues." And last but not least, Ben Kingsley loses his voice. Peter Matić had been the multiple Oscar winner's voice actor for decades. And quite a few felt Matić's voice suited Kingsley better than his own. The artistic connection between Kingsley and Matić provided one of those rare instances where dubbing didn't make the performance any worse - if not better. It is unimaginable, for example, to hear “Schindler's List” in German without Matić's speaking culture. But Peter Matić was also an indispensable part of many radio plays. He was a beloved companion for many people during their days and evenings.
In many cities around the world, thousands of people rode the subway without pants on Sunday, March 26. In London and New York there were several hundred people. In Berlin, for example, according to the organizers, around 100 people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride". It was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who boarded with a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, "significantly older people" also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh." The event was launched in New York in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Many people took part in New York again this time - and in Washington, many didn't let the heavy snowfall stop them from taking part. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. 40-year-old Sam opted for a suit - no pants. "According to the motto: Why is this guy wearing a tie and no trousers?" It's nice to see the "strange reactions of people". Mary England, 30, a long time participant. "It's easy to make new friends when you meet each other shirtless," said Will Fagg, a Baltimore pizza maker. The 45-year-old had just met George Thurony, who had traveled from Arlington. What do you appreciate most about the event? Thurony, 57, laughed. "I like it when new people spontaneously join in on the subway and also take off their pants."
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be the top candidate for the next Vienna state elections. The deputy mayor and city councilor will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest, Maria Vassilakou wants to hand over to her successor. Maria Vassilakou has been with the Greens since 1995 and has been in the state parliament since 1996 and has been Deputy Mayor since November 2010.
The elephants in Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. Shaka came to the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, also serves to care for their sensitive skin.
The Austrian national soccer team scored a 4-1 victory against North Macedonia. The team is just one point behind second place in the European Championship qualifier.
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade, which weighed around 3 to 4 kilograms and was around ten centimeters long, was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. This is celebrating its international debut with a match on June 22nd. The women's soccer team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport," said Danilo Zennaro, who also supports the men's soccer team.
In Rome, Italy, people are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. Police on Tuesday blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian city. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on monuments. Violators face fines of up to 400 euros. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists recently felt this: They had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." - "Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis and cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol. But fatty liver is not the only thing on which the gastroenterologists and hepatologists are concerned.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten compressor in Austria, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday morning. Investigations into the explosion are being carried out by the State Criminal Police Office of Lower Austria, experts and the GCA employees. No information on the amount of damage to property It is unclear how long the investigations will take, said a spokeswoman for Gas Connect Austria GmbH (GCA) on Wednesday morning when asked. No information could yet be given on the amount of property damage. According to the spokeswoman, the section in the natural gas station affected by the explosion was isolated from other lines. It was also possible to resume gas transit.
The City of Vienna will set up six new security bollards in Vienna in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, six further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, eight security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case before the Vienna City Marathon. Part of Mariahilfer Strasse will be closed for 4 weeks Furthermore, the road construction in the area of the safety zone has to be strengthened. From today's perspective, this work will take place from the beginning of March. For this purpose, Mariahilfer Strasse from Getreidemarkt to Königsklostergasse will be closed to traffic for 4 weeks. Pedestrians and cyclists should not be affected. Motorists will be able to bypass Windmühlgasse, Capistrangasse and Stiftgasse. The costs for the security measures on Mariahilfer Strasse amount to around EUR 630,000 and are borne by the City of Vienna.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
Almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can search for information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can search for information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud.
German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings on skulls have been evidence of early human medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on the skull. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most of the patients survived the operation.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron, who was born in Austria in 1944, died on Monday at the age of 72 in Baden near Vienna. He was famous with his songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn", "Dovichenja Yugoslavija" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. He was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For his health reasons, he repeatedly took long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibition. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show" Sigi Maron live:
Pre-cut salads are popular because they save time in the kitchen. But they also have problems with hygiene or storage. The testers from the Verbraucher magazine lost their appetite for the pre-cut salad. The testers gave the pre-washed mixed leaf salads the rating "less satisfactory". The testers also gave the pre-washed mixed leaf salads the rating "unsatisfactory". The testers also said that if you bring the salads home without refrigeration, as consumers probably do, and possibly only eat them at the end of the best-before date, you eat veritable germ spinners.
The label Lacoste has come up with a different kind for the new season. For the first time in 85 years, the French brand has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. The crocodile was originally designed as a tribute to the brand's founder, René Lacoste. The French tennis player was dubbed a crocodile on court for his tenacity. In 1933 he founded his clothing company. The crocodile was the first company logo to appear on a shirt.
In Texas, there are 19 female judges. They will hold office at the Harris County District Court in the state of Texas in the future. 17 of them will be newly elected at the recent midterm elections. This is reported by the BBC. This is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke lost to Republican Ted Cruz in Texas.
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse on Friday.
The city of Rome is running out of drinking water. The city has a total length of 425,000 kilometers. The water supply network is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water supply network has long been neglected in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The United Nations has voted in favour of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. A subcommittee of the UN General Assembly voted by resolution to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several countries that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
No country protects children's health, their environment and their future. This emerges from a report published by a commission of more than 40 child and youth health experts from around the world on Wednesday night. The commission is called "A Future for the World's Children?" The report stated that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed foods, sugary drinks, alcohol and tobacco on children.
Johannes Voggenhuber will be the top candidate for the EU elections. He is from Austria and he is from Salzburg. Johannes Voggenhuber is a member of the list "Now", founded by Peter Pilz before the 2017 National Council elections. Johannes Voggenhuber will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, a new name was found: "Initiative 1 Europe". Johannes Voggenhuber invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the campaign. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens. Money from the list "Now" will be raised.
Hong Kong mourns the death of the oldest captive panda in China. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region. Jia Jia was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than 3 kilograms. Veterinarians from the Departments of Agriculture, Fisheries, Conservation and Ocean Park decided to euthanize her for ethical reasons and to avoid further suffering for Jia Jia.
Norbert Schnedl is the new head of the powerful civil servants' union. He is the new boss of the civil servants' union. The new boss of the civil servants' union is Fritz Neugebauer. Fritz Neugebauer is a political philosopher. Neugebauer is the leader of the civil servants' union. Neugebauer is the head of the Christian Union.
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna attracted 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center as well as one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival culminated at midnight with fireworks on the Prater and in the Prater.
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her Instagram account, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will be held from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will have 11 stages and 600 hours of program. There will also be a Falco tribute this year. As of today, the entire program for the Danube Island Festival is available: on Friday, the Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will perform there. The Falco tribute concert will take place on Saturday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja will also perform there. Rainhard Fendrich will also perform his new album "Schworzoderweiss". Rainhard Fendrich will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole" and "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday, followed by Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJ Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer this year. The pop-up creative market is also celebrating a revival. 20 young designers exhibit their pieces. Songwriter Bernhard Fibich will also entertain the children. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time.
The ORF has revised its TV library. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can now personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. The new design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern. If you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned, with "highlights" and thematic focuses. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites function. The search offers targeted suggestions. Live area revised One of the new contents is that the program of the state studios is bundled under the motto "even more Austria". The live area was also revised, and the "Live Special" offer (additional streams or streams supplementing the TV reporting) is to be expanded.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Anker wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance. After a 3 day vegan pop-up store on Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from many customers, not just vegans, increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. New vegan snack bars developed This branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are currently planned.
More and more Austrians are arming themselves and want to buy security. The average price of security doors for apartments and houses in Austria is 130.3 million euros in 2015, according to the current industry radar from the consultants Kreutzer Fischer & Partner. The demand for security doors of the highest class in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent in the previous year. Apartment doors are generally only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that by becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced Just as many people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course, says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
Horst Seehofer has been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. He has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. It is a double burden that is too much for Seehofer. There were rumors that he will resign from the ministry. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office brought him a lot of criticism, the country sometimes two government crises. Horst Seehofer has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months, which has become a kind of super department: construction, homeland, interior affairs. It is a double burden that is too much for the 69-year-old Seehofer. There were also rumors in Berlin that he will resign from the ministry. But as soon as he took office, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people to the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. However, Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. And instead of commenting on the riots of right-wing extremists in Chemnitz, he let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements - and triggered another government crisis. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, but the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. From then on, some comrades drummed for Seehofer's resignation as minister. According to his statement yesterday, SPD Vice President Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart. Little self-criticism And Seehofer himself? He felt misunderstood and accused the media of defaming him: he was neither ill nor did he constantly argue - and it was awesome that he was portrayed as a "terrorist". He was referring to a Spiegel cover story that described him as "The Danger". You have to accept and cope with all of this, he explained shortly after the Bayern election. The fact that the CSU suffered heavy losses there was also due to Seehofer's appearance in Berlin. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition.
The Association for Consumer Information examined 208 Christmas cookies from Billa, Denn's, Hofer, Interspar, Lidl, Merkur and Penny. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." "In the end, the only thing that helps people who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products. The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from Billa, Denn's, Hofer, Interspar, Lidl, Merkur and Penny. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. According to the testers, it was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest percentage of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," explains VKI project manager Birgit Beck. "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant was a basketball player from the Los Angeles Lakers. He played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team continuously since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP (Most Valuable Player) award for the NBA's most valuable regular-season player. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Asfinag controls speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders on the Autobahn in Austria. The route radar is an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the Ostautobahn near Schwechat in Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's bank account. When the new section control system goes into operation on the 13-kilometer construction site section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible. The new section control system proves to be particularly effective - and in several respects. Not only does route monitoring make a significant contribution to reducing accidents, the complete and precise speed control is underestimated by drivers. 650 penalties per day This has been made clear by the numbers of the monitoring system on the Autobahn in Austria. Day after day, 650 speeders fell into the speed trap - the Schwechat city police command was no longer able to keep up with issuing the anonymous decrees and penalties. The speed limit was 80 km/h. The fastest was traveling at an average speed of 171 km/h. Unfortunately, many drivers drive much too fast, especially in the sensitive construction site areas, says Colonel Willy Konrath from the Lower Austria provincial transport department. The police are expecting a similar number of speed offenders as recently on the Autobahn in Austria. Konrath considers the route radar to be much more effective and also fairer to drivers: "A radar only records a point. Section control, on the other hand, measures speed behavior." "Multi Section Control" is the name of the latest generation of route radar. Multi because not only sections of the route on main lanes, but also access and exit roads are completely checked with it. The devices can also monitor various speed limits depending on the type of vehicle. The newly established section control on the 13-kilometer section of the southern autobahn between Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Austria has a maximum speed of 80 km/h.
Tom Perez is the leader of the Democratic Party of the United States of America. The Democratic Party of the United States of America is a political party of the United States of America. The Democratic Party of the United States of America is a political party of the United States of America. The Democratic Party of the United States of America is a political party of the United States of America.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. 11 prisoners will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The Christmas clemency is actually the responsibility of the Federal President. Since there is currently no formal Christmas clemency in Austria, this task has been taken over by the National Council President Doris Bures. The Christmas clemency has a long tradition in Austria, which should not be interrupted in this special year. With the decision, the National Council Presidency followed the proposal of the Minister of Justice in its entirety. Prisoners who have been imprisoned for less than 5 years are eligible for a clemency. At least one third of the sentence must have already been served and the remainder of the sentence must not exceed 18 months. Offenders who have been convicted of sexual offences, serious violent offenses or drug offenses are excluded from the Christmas clemency.
In the area of Caritas in St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel, there is a shortage of nursing workers. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel shows how tense the situation is. 900 Caritas employees are mainly employed in mobile care. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel shows how tense the situation is. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel shows how tense the situation is. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel shows how tense the situation is. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten shows how tense the situation is. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel shows how tense the situation is. The situation in the area of Caritas in the diocese of St. Pölten, in the central area and in the Most and Waldviertel shows how tense the situation is.
The tennis player Novak Djokovic reached the Grand Slam Finals at Wimbledon. It was his fifth Grand Slam victory. The tennis player Novak Djokovic won 7: 6 (5), 7: 6 (4), 4: 6, 13:12. At 4:57 hours it was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of Djokovic, who was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, champion of the year 2001, at Wimbledon. It is his fifth Wimbledon victory - he caught up with Björn Borg, only Federer (eight) and Pete Sampras (seven) were more successful in the professional era (since 1968) at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. The fans were over the moon and kept cheering on Federer. The Swiss then had two match balls on his own serve. And forgave her. Djokovic was wide awake during these phases. And managed the re-break. So no end after all.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a decree on Monday. The APA department announced that the necessary basic training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the police officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, selected members of the police detention centers and a few members of the Upper Austria standby units have been authorized to work.
There are around 3500 pieces of the wooden roller coaster with 3 rollers in the name "SpielMaus Holz" in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The company has warned that the wooden roller coaster with 3 rollers can become detached from the cars. The product can pose a risk of suffocation for small children. There are no reports of injuries or damage known to the company. The company would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Vienna in Vienna presented a new study with the support of the Austrian Agency for Food Safety. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-containing plant protection products. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures. However, restrictions on use can be imposed, such as in grassland or in orchards and vineyards. The study also took into account the classification of the International Agency for Research on Cancer, according to which glyphosate is "probably carcinogenic". The IARC has classified glyphosate in the same category of danger as sausage. High consumption of sausage or ham also increases the risk of cancer.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga leader announced on Thursday, Christoph Freund signed a new contract that binds him to the club until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally".
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday after a service for victims of the civil war in Bojaya. More than 260,000 people killed The FARC took up arms in 1964 in a fight against landlords and the government. In addition to the army, other left-wing guerrilla groups, right-wing paramilitaries and the drug mafia were also involved in the conflict. In total, more than 260,000 people were killed in the violent conflict that lasted more than half a century.
"Magic wands ready?" - this question was asked again and again in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the Harry Potter films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy. The numerous fans could also try their hand at the sport known from the Harry Potter series, "Quidditch". This was made possible by the "Vienna Vanguards", one of the most successful teams from Austria. The game principle is similar to rugby, handball and ice hockey. While players cannot mount the flying broomstick, they must instead grab a dummy broomstick between their legs and walk with it. The strikers, or "chasers" as they were originally called, must throw the cue ball into one of three hoops. There are ten points for each goal. The defenders, or "drivers", throw balls at the opponents in order to take them out of the game for a short time. And the sport is becoming more and more popular.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstructing of investigations in Congress. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, is the third president in the United States to face impeachment in the Senate. Under the US Constitution, at least 67 of the 100 senators in an impeachment trial must find the president guilty of at least one of the charges in order to remove him from office. Given the current majority in the Senate, at least 20 Republicans would have had to side with the Democrats to impeach Trump.
The "Offensive against the Right" of the FPÖ will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. In recent years, demonstrations against the fraternity event caused large-scale closures in the city center. The FPÖ will again take to the streets against fascism and neo-Nazism. The demonstration will begin at 5 p.m. in front of the University of Vienna.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. It is located off the coast of Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is about 1,500 kilometers long. The Great Barrier Reef has already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. It is believed that 2,300 kilometers of the entire reef has already been affected by coral bleaching. It is believed that there is almost no chance that the corals will recover. How the reef could be saved The most severe damage, according to the scientists, affects the central part of the reef. In the past year, coral sticks in particular in the north of the reef have bleached out. Only in the south are the sticks still intact. In 2017, the researchers examined a total of 800 coral heads. This is based on aerial photographs. Scientist John Kerry said this is the fourth bleaching event to affect the corals after 1998, 2002 and 2016. Until now, there have always been several years between bleaching periods, in which corals were able to recover. Professor Terry Hughes warned that the only way to save the reef is to fight climate change with determination. Coral bleaching off Australia's north-east coast made headlines around the world last year. One of the reasons is believed to be that the water temperatures were 4 degrees higher than usual. Corals are cnidarians that live in a mutually beneficial community with algae. At high temperatures, the algae become toxic, the corals repel them and lose their color.
The Vienna Animal Welfare Association warns that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned in a broadcast on Monday. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early. If a wild animal is obviously badly injured, you should call the professionals. You can also contact the Vienna Animal Welfare Association if ducks do not choose breeding sites that are appropriate to their species, such as balconies or house ledges.
In 2 minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years, this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle said in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than 2 kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos island of Fernandina, in Ecuador, a female of a subspecies of the species Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus has been discovered. The subspecies are called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that Galapagos island. It was last detected in 1906. There were no clear signs of life after that. It was feared that the giant tortoises had become extinct. Scientists assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the subspecies. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints have led the International Union for Conservation of Nature to suspect that there might still be some Fernandina giant tortoises.
The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but a draw was enough for the defending champions in the duel with Croatia in Bordeaux. The Croatians, on the other hand, also knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams.
The Austrian Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein has promised that the new Working Hours Act will be abolished. The new law will be in force from September 2018. The government and opposition have been arguing about this for days. After cases in Vienna, Tyrol and Salzburg, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer to work 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. A new employee from Spittal an der Drau was asked to declare her “express and voluntary willingness” to work up to 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. Otherwise she probably wouldn't have gotten the job, which the AK describes as "unsurpassable cynicism". This is a voluntary act forced by fear of a job. "Tip of the iceberg" This is also where the political dispute comes in, because government representatives have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the "daily individual cases", the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified. Because: "Is it still voluntary if you have voluntarily agreed that it is in the roster? Because the second it's in the roster, it's actually no longer voluntary," says ÖHV President Michaela Reitterer. Hartinger-Klein cannot understand this criticism. It is also possible to create a duty roster if the employees have to give their consent to the 11th and 12th working hours. The hoteliers are now also confirming that the willingness to work overtime must always be clarified on a case-by-case basis. However, "legal action" is being considered against the blanket criticism of the entire industry.
The Netherlands have introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new limit is well received by the Dutch people. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined that 51 percent of the Dutch people perceive the new limit as positive.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The starchy chestnuts, which are actually a special breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy staple. What the chestnuts can do for you: 1. Carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raises blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable insulin level. Even the energy low that is typical of carbohydrate-rich food does not occur after consumption. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of dried chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes its elimination through the kidneys. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. 3. Important B vitamins Without B vitamins, nothing works in the body, since all B vitamins are important regulators of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. Chestnuts also provide vitamins B1 and B2. The former is particularly important for the carbohydrate metabolism of the nerves, brain and muscles. The latter plays a special role in converting fats, proteins and carbohydrates into nutrients. 4. Lots of vitamin C The winter snack can score points when it comes to the vitamin C content. Compared to other filling foods such as potatoes, lentils or soy, chestnuts provide a lot of vitamin C. Studies show that vitamin C lowers cholesterol levels and is good for the heart. 5. Good fat Chestnuts not only have a positive effect on cholesterol levels because of their vitamin C content. Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids are also beneficial. 6. Antioxidative potential The secondary plant substances contained in chestnuts are characterized by a high antioxidant potential and a strong anti-inflammatory effect. This is what you need to know about chestnuts:
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicles, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to the top security level. For this purpose, six of the most modern fire-fighting tankers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding. Rosenbauer is the world leader in the fire-fighting industry. For the world market leader in the fire brigade sector, the entry at Vienna Airport is a great success. To date, Rosenbauer has built and sold 1,600 fire-fighting tankers from the Panther 6x6 and 8x8 series. 224 of them are from the 8x8 super extinguisher class. The prototype now presented carries a total weight of 52 tons on 4 axles and has up to 19,000 liters of water and extinguishing foam with it. In addition, two 700-hp Volvo engines enable the tanker to travel at speeds of 135 km/h on the one hand and, on the other hand, to drive and extinguish at high pressure at the same time. Seal: "A mix of construction vehicle and Formula 1 car".
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the students had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tells the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten these days. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars.
A strong earthquake on the Aegean island of Kos has killed 2 people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) also spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of the city, where dozens of bars are located. At the time of the earthquake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar was collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the earthquake would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. In Turkey, most earthquakes occur in Greece, the southern part of the Balkans and western part of the Western Balkans. Some people would spend the night outdoors for fear of more aftershocks. It was not until mid-June that the earth trembled on the islands of Lesbos, Chios and on the west coast of Turkey. One person died on Lesvos and many houses were destroyed. The tremors were felt hundreds of kilometers away from the center of the earthquake.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of the parents will start next Saturday: "For our Natascha - and especially for the fight against cancer and for cancer research."
In the previous year, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria. This is significantly fewer than before the reintroduction of the sparkling wine tax in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be paid for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the sparkling wine market to collapse by 20 percent.
The Finnish journalist Valtteri Bottas, 27, has been on the gas since the beginning of the year. He has been working with Mercedes since the beginning of the year. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. It's like Real Madrid versus FC Barcelona, says the friendly and somewhat stressed motorsport journalist from Finland. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. He is more about the atmosphere. "Kimi is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that." There are many more interesting tasks in motorsport in Finland. For example, he should replace the surprisingly retired world champion Nico Rosberg and, on the other hand, stand up to the exceptional Lewis Hamilton. There are simpler tasks in motorsport in Finland, but currently hardly any more attractive ones. For example, the Finnish journalist Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of Mercedes. He has the right car for it. The new Silver Arrow, which is one of the best of the year even after the rule reform. Bottas frees himself from the pressure with a not untypical wusssiness of the Finns: "The good thing about racing is that one thing never changes: It's about getting absolutely everything out of the car." Nevertheless, he looks a little pale during the first important days of work as one of the most important Mercedes employees. Which is not (only) due to his Nordic complexion. Bottas does not possess that cool and iconic attitude of teammate Hamilton, nor the sophisticated but down-to-earth demeanor of his predecessor Rosberg. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of Mercedes.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also scientifically proven. As reported by the New York Times, researchers in 1965 conducted a series of experiments. In a series of experiments, they contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap - and then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold weather.