The musical "Journey around the world" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. "Journey around the world" is a musical based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed in 80 days and will be performed in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it quickly became clear that this musical should be special. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature.
The German baker Helmut Gragger will open a social bakery in Vienna next week. In the social bakery, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Helmut Gragger in an interview with KURIER. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. Christoph Chorherr will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Helmut Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than 2 decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Upper Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for three years." An employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the social bakery in the Nordbahnviertel: "When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone just wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without the customers noticing that we're training. Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal: "What else is supposed to change the world apart from education? Next year we will be opening in cooperation with Caritas in Serbia and in Cooperation with a Roma association in Albania."
It was a tough exchange of blows, just as Donald Trump is known to appreciate. At his meeting in the White House, Sebastian Kurz experienced the US President "exactly as one has always heard about him. He is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him". For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States being cheated by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House. Trevor Traina, the US Ambassador to Austria, described his impression of the tough but open negotiations in the White House that Trump had made. Traina, who was instrumental in bringing about the short visit, said that the Austrian Chancellor is an interesting and potentially important role for the US President in the current crisis between the US and Europe.
In Europe, the eyeworm is very common. In recent years, infections with the parasite have increased in both dogs and cats. The eyeworm is native to the Far East, but the oriental eyeworm is now also spreading in Europe. The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. If left untreated, the retina can be damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm The skinworm is much rarer than skinworm or heartworm. The skinworms live in small knots in the skin. The heartworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years. If the infestation is weak, the disease runs its course without symptoms. In the event of massive damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The therapy can be carried out with medication or by a surgical intervention.
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German citizen is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man who was responsive out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned 3 traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s: the red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, according to reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, namely exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer: If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop; if they were pointing down, the journey was free. However, there was a problem with the implementation: three weeks after the traffic light was put into operation, the gas-powered traffic light exploded and killed the police officer on duty. Westminster sank again into traffic chaos. But the story of the traffic light had only just begun. It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna.
Martin Gruber was nominated as the new party chairman by the Carinthian ÖVP. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She lives in the German town of Pinneberg. She has Down syndrome. The reason why the ID card was issued in her name is because she cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own new ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, the girl noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID card. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she wrote: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of wealthy industrialists. He worked, among other things, as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. And saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date of his death.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has published a report on the health of men. The report shows that men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer.
In the run-up to Christmas, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products. Experts say that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, the panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure. Now many visitors want to see the young animals in person. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was three-year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," says Flora. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. Premiere The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend. After the New Year, the Schönbrunn Zoo is now being explored, and the pandas couldn't be missing. Christine Buberl is one of the lucky few who has seen the baby animals. She is delighted with the little ones: "The pandas are a very special highlight, especially since twin births are rare," says Christine. Together with her grandchildren Alma and Theo, she is queuing for the second time because: "Up until now I've only seen pandas on TV," says Theo.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market" (Campus Verlag). Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not resilient or often ill, inflexible and not willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. And the other prejudices? Counter them proactively. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume. What distinguishes over 50-year-olds on the labor market from younger job changers? The qualifications of many of today's 50-year-olds, who were well-trained specialists at the beginning of their careers, have often not been able to keep up with rapid digital progress. That is why continuing education is so important to them. Those over 50 who invest in cross-industry skills score particularly well here: foreign languages, IT or key skills such as project or process management or scrum masters.
Andreas Gruber works for the Red Cross in Güssing since 2004. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber. Around 2,500 times a year, the first responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the 3 tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. Meeting Zone The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. "But first I have to improve my German skills". Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay here." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." Project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners, pensioners from many different countries, from all cultures. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here." The Vienna station organized the first "Mama Learns German" courses 15 years ago. Today they are available in cooperation with municipal kindergartens throughout Vienna. The language café was set up 3 years ago. "Because course participants complained to us that they learned German but didn't know anyone with whom they could speak German," explains Niklas. The association does not want to make any money with the language café. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cake. The cake is affordable at 1 euro each. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say." The feeling with which Elisabeth Smejkal goes home at the end is also nice: "I used my free time wisely. And I was able to help other people to find their way around better in a foreign environment."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in the Schönbrunn Zoo will be 1 month old. The twins are a boy and a girl. They are already a mother of 5. The first offspring was born in 2007 - it was Fu Long. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. All three males now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock, but can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat. Video Schönbrunn Zoo also has its own YouTube channel. At birth, the twins were around ten centimeters tall and weighed around 100 grams. Both now weigh about 1 kilogram and are estimated to be 35 centimeters long from the tip of the nose to the tip of the tail. There are no exact dates yet, because the animal keepers are still only observing the animals in the whelping box via the camera. They see that mother Yang Yang is caring for both of them and can already tell the twins apart.
A truck driver from the Amstetten district is said to have let a ten-year-old drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height. The father has filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25 shortly before 2 a.m., the 41-year-old from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father. The chauffeur is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering physical safety and negligent endangerment of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St. Pölten and the responsible district administration authority.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of Austria voted on the reform of the social security system. The National Council is the legislative body of the country. The National Council is the legislative body that governs the country. The National Council is the legislative body that governs the country. The National Council is the legislative body that governs the country. The National Council voted on the reform of the social security system.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench: the body reacts to exercise by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. "However, if you train hard, things need to be washed every time."
The government passed many laws in the National Council in 2018. Some of them are very controversial, such as a new ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, a ban on knives for foreigners and, above all, the highly controversial Site Development Act. This is intended to enable faster procedures as soon as a project has been classified by an advisory board as "location-relevant" and "in the public interest". This procedure precedes the EIA. If it is decided within a maximum of 6 months that a project is relevant to the location, then after a further 6 months the EIA must be clear as to whether the project can be approved. This means that after twelve months it is clear whether a project can be approved in principle and after 18 months there must be approval or rejection - in the first instance. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. However, environmental organizations are also critical of the amended law. Global 2000 believes that ending the EIA in the first instance by setting a deadline is not a solution to fundamental legal problems. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and critical large-scale projects are pushed through.
Rudolf Greul is the so-called "Refugee Contact Officer" of the refugee accommodation in Grosse Stadtgutgasse. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers, interpreters and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers, interpreters and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. They are also the contacts for the supervisors, social workers, interpreters and interpreters in the refugee accommodations. Rudolf Greul is the refugee contact officer of 6 refugee homes. Twice a week he drops in on Grosse Stadtgutgasse and asks if anything has happened. He says it doesn't happen very much, says Rudolf Greul. In the ten months that he was assigned to the refugee home as a refugee officer, there were 4 violent clashes and one case of property damage. There are 45 very pubescent young people. That's also on every school course. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus" again, says Rudolf Greul. However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are particularly prone to violence. "They are no more conspicuous than our children," he says. However, many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee home, there are 20 refugees over the age of 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school. "99 percent of my work is preventive," says Rudolf Greul. "A lot is nipped in the bud." There are no major difficulties in any of "his" refugee homes. His presence alone has a positive effect. After all, hardly anyone would start fighting if a police officer was standing next to them. "I'm sort of the blue light here," says Rudolf Greul. When he's called, it's usually because bodily harm, fights, property damage and occasionally because of minor drug-related offences.
A recent study in Brazil confirms the effectiveness of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The participants were adults with episodic migraines, which have up to 6 attacks per month, either with or without an aura. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after one hour, and after 2 hours. The intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments in Vienna. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. If you want to look at several objects in the course of a walk, you have to put them together yourself. Info: All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at Secret Vienna "The Secrets of the Fiacre", "The Weana G'miat" or "The Haunted Habsburgs" are the names of the tours offered by the Viennese tourist guides at Secret Vienna. There are classic and spooky tours to choose from.
Judges, civil servants and employees will be ordered to cut from the budget for the year 2018/19. There is massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the expected broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures. Because with the planned cuts, the courts could not maintain their services and quality to the extent planned. The police force would be increased at the same time, which would mean more reports and therefore more work for the criminal courts. There is also a risk of an extension of asylum procedures, as positions at the Federal Administrative Court are to be axed. In view of the wave of refugees, the 120 temporary posts granted there are not to be extended.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also experienced the wave of indignation that ill-considered postings at a late hour can trigger. On Shrove Tuesday at 0.26 a.m. Strache put a photo montage with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: “There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF.” The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed out of court.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is closed the most in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is 11 days. Solution The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for 5 days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach. Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her two children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take 2 weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for 4 weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother. Cooperation Mayors Leo Radakovits from Güttenbach and Thomas Novoszel from Neuberg, both ÖVP, started planning at the beginning of the year. "Our kindergartens are only two kilometers away as the crow flies," says Novoszel. So the cooperation is a logical step. The educators of the two communities have coordinated. The employees in Neuberg have vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. So they only have one week without childcare.
A study in Sweden has found that women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study by the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has now been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If physically very fit women developed dementia, it was on average 11 years later than women with only moderate fitness, for example at the age of 90 instead of 79. The results are exciting because it is possible that improving fitness in middle age can delay or even prevent the onset of dementia. However, more research is needed for this.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the colossus will probably detach from the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica. The ice shelf is around 5,000 square kilometers. It is almost twice the size of Vorarlberg. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice shelf. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The crack is not caused by an increase in temperature. Experts refer to floating ice masses that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of 4 distinct areas, of which Larsen C is the largest. According to the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, which also conducts research in polar regions, the ice shelves A and B disintegrated a few years ago.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. But that's not all: The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing. For the city of Rotterdam, the floating farm closes an ecological cycle. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
The New Yorkers are already drinking the Kombucha. Some people are already talking about the Kombucha because the soft drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and lemon juice is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many other soft drinks. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol – this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate".
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least three deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem and good self-confidence. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
The shiitake mushroom is very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair.
Vienna is one of the unfriendliest cities in the world for people who work and live abroad. This is revealed by the "Expat City Ranking 2018" with more than 18,000 people surveyed who work and live abroad. In the overall ranking, Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of the people surveyed said it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that people in Vienna have found it easier to make new friends.
Some make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and still others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia - and not just in the Thai hotspots of European winter refugees. Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on that day in another country, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Of course there are certain limitations. Instead of Christmas carp, chicken is the order of the day in the sushi paradise. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. This applies to almost all regions of the world. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, 8 times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of the festival as the gifts for the children.
In the new year, there will be a new career model for young scientists. The new teacher training envisages that all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school/NMS, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools/BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the PH. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new training is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, four associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start.
Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She worked as a crisis care mother, so she always have to say goodbye to foster children. She founded the first separation clinic in Vienna. The separation clinic is based on group sessions. Once a week, up to twelve affected people meet to share their feelings. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is based on the lovesickness practice. The lovesickness practice is based on the concept of letting go, mindfulness and self-care. For Sabrina Limbeck, the latter is the most important measure in acute lovesickness. You have to learn to focus on yourself again, to increase your self-esteem. It starts with the basic needs, such as cooking something small for yourself instead of buying a pizza. It's about perceiving yourself as an individual again and saying I'm more than the person you've left.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 men could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations in Austria. This number was around 93 percent. But the coming years could bring some support facilities in staff shortages, concerning civil servants. Edtstadler emphasized that the low-birth cohorts are causing a decline in declarations of community service. On the one hand, it is important to ensure that civil servants are deployed where they are actually needed. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for 18 days often results in chain sick leave in practice. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
In Austria, the state has ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. In Upper Austria, security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities: from September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, said: "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, ÖVP. "That has changed fundamentally." In Upper Austria, security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities. The other offices are not ready yet. Not even in Lower Austria, although a gunman took a hostage in the district authority in Klosterneuburg in 2011 and shot a man. "We don't have any airlocks, but we deployed external security personnel to Klosterneuburg and trained the employees in de-escalation," reports Hofrat Gerhard Tretzmüller. There are also alarm switches linked to the police, and pepper spray has also been issued. An evaluation of the security measures should be available in the spring. "Dornbirn can then play a role there." In general, the call for more security is getting louder. Alexander Majcan, head of the district authority in Southeast Styria and spokesman for the district authority association, considers locks to be a suitable measure. "That will be an issue at our next meeting."
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated world champion Germany 2:1. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). Germany controlled the game with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria played back to goalie Siebenhandl, whose unsuccessful shot landed on Özil, who thanked him with the 0:1. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities. Only gradually did Austria gain courage and direct the actions more deeply. Zulj tested Neuer with a shot that was fired too centrally, and shortly afterwards Grillitsch surprisingly fired a shot into the near corner, but Neuer proved with a great reflex that why he rightly has the right to claim number 1. Courage to take risks Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, but he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Lainer, who put it back to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria defended the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, said Gerrit Bradnick, the operations manager of the private rescue service.
There are many volunteers at Christmas, for example at the crypt. The City of Vienna has launched an initiative called "Voluntary in Vienna" with a large overview. Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors. But you will certainly find families who are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or especially near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
In the 8th century, the settlement of Birka in Sweden was considered one of the largest Viking settlements. The research team from Stockholm University sequenced the DNA of the buried person and found that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move. It has been known for a long time that the Vikings women also fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold higher ranks in the hierarchy than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF headquarters will be renovated in Vienna. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters will be renovated in Vienna. The ORF headquarters will be located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland.
The President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, and the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un, will meet again 8 months after their historic meeting in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening at his State of the Union Address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president has met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim said that he is willing to "complete denuclearization". But there were no commitments as to when North Korea intends to completely disarm its nuclear weapons. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War (1950-53) in the summer. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint large-scale military maneuvers. So far, however, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser was the favorite and won in the Big Air. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run. Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here. During the night Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. David Wise won with 97.20 points ahead of Alex Ferreira. Click here for our Olympic Channel!
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on recipients of unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday in a Standard report. According to the AMS, most sanctions (plus 11,540 to 29,500) were due to work/training being refused or frustrated. A total of around 11,700 of these were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses, almost 7,200 more than in the first half of the year.
Verena Preiner has won her bronze medal in the heptathlon. It is the queen discipline in women's athletics. It is the most successful World Cup in the history of the Austrian association. In sixth place, 34 points behind bronze and with high hopes, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson, while Nafissatou Thiam from Belgium could no longer take silver. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. Suddenly she was 4th. After that she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost three meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton's Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner, causing a commotion on the pitch. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said Luiz. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage that all countries in the world will have access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to these basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The study showed that in the past an electrification rate of 80 percent was achieved relatively quickly, but it can take much longer before everyone in a country has access to electricity. For example, most countries that pushed electrification before 1970 would have needed 19 to 27 years to increase access to electricity. However, it took another 20 to 40 years for full supply.
The new protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded on April 26, 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to "protect the whole planet and humanity from radioactive contamination," said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The protective cover is 108 meter high and 36,000 tons heavy. It is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the cost of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident to contain the radioactive radiation will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he just 15 years old. They have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark houses. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study done by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. However, there has been no study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender differences into account. For the new study, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Table. The Pannonian Food Bank is a food bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank distributes food to people who don't have enough money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank is located in Oberpullendorf, in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The employees collect more than ten tons of food a week from 18 locations in Burgenland to distribute it to people who don't have enough money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank is only a fraction of what is done here. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. The Pannonic Table supports their clients with dealings with the authorities and visits to the doctor. Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. And then there is the “living room” where people talk about death and life. The Pannonian Food Bank opens its doors 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas you can find many delicacies, the children get presents. In order to continue to serve the society, the Tafel itself is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students had made. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonische Tafel. This is based on the minimum standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523; www.pannonischetafel.com
The tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people had previously been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to around 200,000 people. The storm moved northeast across the coastal region, weakening to wind speeds of around 130 kilometers per hour. After Odisha, the storm center was expected in the neighboring state of West Bengal and then in Bangladesh.
It started when Rosie was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice, she says. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did Rosie find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. Susanne Peter, senior social worker at the crypt helped her find a place to stay. Rosie looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible, says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit "her party" and to organize tournaments in card games and puzzles.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said this one sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction". The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is "of course" still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the need for a pan-European solution had been pushed aside. At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue," Merkel added. "This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders."
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is now almost complete.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. Mervyn Rose won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. He won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one mixed in Australia, at the US Open and Wimbledon. As a coach, Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
Christine Lagarde is the first woman to head the European Central Bank. The European Parliament voted in favor of Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret vote, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund, 49 abstained. Christine Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the 63-year-old Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
It is not only wrong to blow your nose, but it can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp, head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. Unlike when an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells that are created by the permanent defensive struggle. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and correct blowing of the nose in football broadcasts on television. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called “Charlottenburg” or “peasant handkerchief”. However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. "This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. What shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube, which can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
The Spanish team Atletico Madrid won the fifth European Cup final in the Champions League. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday night in the Stade de Lyon. The Spaniards won the Cup against Salzburg, as they did in 2010 and 2012. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The only chance before the break, which only resulted from a Marseille mistake, led to success. Zambo Anguissa couldn't stop the ball after an unideal pass from goalkeeper Steve Mandanda, but Griezmann played in the run for Griezmann and the striker had no trouble completing the goal from the best position (21'). There was another bad news for Atletico Madrid. Captain Dimitri Payet was eliminated in the 32nd minute with a thigh muscle injury. The injury could also thwart his hopes of participating in the World Cup. Local hero scored twice From the bench he saw the final preliminary decision in favor of the Spaniards, who once again demonstrated their strength in the game, as soon as it started raining. After winning the ball, they quickly went forward and Griezmann completed the action with a lob after a Koke pass (49th). The next highlight for the French team striker at his home town of Macon is only about 45 minutes from the final venue. The French fans were shocked and could not react. They were still setting the tone, close to the third goal. A Godin header just missed the post by inches (53'). Only in the closing stages did Marseille become extremely dangerous. A Mitroglou header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards (81st). They in turn finally closed the sack, Gabi provided the final point (89th).
German researchers have now discovered which type of movement brings more benefits to the brain. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class for a period of 18 months. In the study, we were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In endurance training, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises called "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
Renate Müller was a social worker, so she helped other people get their lives under control. When she was in debt at the bank with 60,000 euros, she could no longer cope with her own life. As a single mother, she took out a loan on the advice of the bank advisor and later increased it. Eventually she got sick and had to retire "and then it was just too much to handle". The 70-year-old went into private bankruptcy. She pledged to pay back 50 percent of her debt within 4 years so that the rest could be forgiven. From then on, 700 euros were deducted from her salary, leaving 1100 euros for maintenance. In January 2017, the bankruptcy proceedings for Renate Müller were completed, then she got her full pension again: "Four years are a hard time," she says: "If the cat needs a vet, that's a problem. And the bank gave me notice, people like that don't need them as customers. How you feel there!" More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 (ten years ago there were 5,351).
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum - or possibly for several.
The Austrian company ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain trains will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains at ÖBB makes barrier-free entry possible. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More connections will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM - Persons with Reduced Mobility) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers, such as a table and reading lamp. Blind people need to be able to get close to monitors and lettering in order to read texts. Blind people, for their part, need tactile information and location sounds in the door area for orientation. Everything that is said acoustically should be readable on a screen, deaf people demand. People with mental disabilities need quiet areas and places to retreat, as crowding can lead to stressful situations.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Four million tourists visited Cuba last year. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms will be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected area. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear on Thursday. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of houses. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. Panama City Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off every single block." When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as the highest category 5 hurricane. Footage from Mexico Beach showed widespread destruction, flooding, and debris. Images from the city of Panama City Beach also showed tattered remains of houses, torn roofs and fallen trees. Many people did not follow the warning The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected areas. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center said there had never been a hurricane recorded in the region. It is therefore an event that is as historic as it is dangerous. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous. Late Wednesday evening, he moved through the south of the state of Georgia with wind speeds of up to 145 kilometers per hour.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The KURIER answers the most important questions about the trend-setting decision of the world football association FIFA... What was decided by FIFA in Zurich? The field of participants of the World Cup 2026 has been increased to 48 teams. That is an increase of at least 50 percent. The next two World Cups in 2018 and 2022 will take place with 32 participants. Who decided to increase the World Cup? This was decided unanimously by the FIFA Council in a session that lasted only 90 minutes. FIFA President Gianni Infantino will chair the meeting. Austria is not represented, but countries such as Burundi, Cuba, Papua New Guinea, American Samoa and the Turks and Caicos Islands are. Why was the starting field enlarged? The World Cup increase (albeit only to 40 teams) was a central promise made by Gianni Infantino before his election as FIFA President in February 2016. The Swiss justified this, among other things, with the extreme increase in membership of the world association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211. But of course there are also financial reasons: According to calculations, the XXL World Cup with 48 participants should flush the coffers with an additional 600 million euros. The increase in costs of EUR 300 million due to the increase should be compensated by the higher proceeds from the sale of the TV rights.
The Austrian government wants to expand the relationship between the patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. With the new law, which is to be passed in parliament on Friday, data from state-managed databases will be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, the AMS, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record, or ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad will have access to the data.
If you google "recipe sunscreen", the search engine spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredient: coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also used in the recipes. The majority of the recipes are not suitable for sun protection. Inadequate protection The survey was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida. The researchers found that almost 70 percent of the recipes for homemade sunscreens are not suitable for sun protection. The researchers also found that many sunscreens are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens.
For twenty years Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the two countries repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations between the two countries would be resumed.
Austria's Federal Chancellor Sebastian Kurz will take over the EU Council Presidency on the Planai in Schladming, Austria. The Austrian Prime Minister Sebastian Kurz will be the EU Council President. The Austrian Prime Minister will also be the Austrian Chancellor. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will take over the presidency of the EU from Bulgaria's Prime Minister Boyko Borissow. The Austrian Chancellor will also be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will also be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. Vitamin D can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or at least 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health - numerous studies have shown connections with various diseases, such as depression, asthma, cancer or multiple sclerosis. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. Risk groups and symptoms In particular, older people, night and shift workers, pregnant and breastfeeding women have an increased need of vitamin D. Their blood levels should be checked regularly. For most people, the vitamin D deficiency usually shows up as an incidental finding during another blood test. The symptoms are very non-specific. A greater susceptibility to infections, poor wound healing, tiredness, bad mood, sleep disorders, a drop in performance, hair loss, nervousness and concentration problems are common. Severe vitamin D deficiency can also lead to depression, headaches, cardiac arrhythmias and growth disorders.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. The route will be between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4. The reason for the closure is a complete re-revision of the track bed and the tracks themselves. Around 57,000 people travel on this section every day. The Wiener Linien recommend that you switch to other lines. Specifically, there are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. According to Winter, the 14 vehicles would not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 people who travel daily on the affected U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as a "replacement service". Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4. Up to 20 minutes more travel time Commuters who come to the city from the west by S-Bahn or regional trains are advised to continue to Westbahnhof or to another transfer hub. According to transport companies, you should generally allow ten to 20 minutes more for your route during the closure.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese football team scored a spectacular 3-0 (1:1) against Hungary. Hungary captain Zoltan Gera scored the goal in the first half of the match, but Ronaldo scored the goal in the second half. Hungary also scored the goal in the third half of the match.
Gary Kurtz died of cancer in London at the age of 78. The Los Angeles-born producer is best known for his collaborations with director George Lucas. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films. With "Star Wars" and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft.
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks - that inevitably entails problems and the potential for conflict. It came as a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," said Marcel Koller. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. The Austrian team manager endured this swipe with a smile just as much as Adrian Steiger's words at the official reception on Sunday. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the ÖFB team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now." The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the said rock fall.
In the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors", Jürgen Rixgens talks about the different types of people who can make everyday work difficult for them and their employees. He explains that it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. The Right-Hover is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, they are often planned. This behavior, coupled with being unpunctual, often leads to poor work results - at least in the eyes of others. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. "Employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness," explains Rixgens. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. The pessimist uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team ", explains the expert, who is also the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors". The schemer Extreme caution is required when dealing with the schemer: his ambition drives him to spread and gossip lies and embarrass his colleagues with insidious power games.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to 4 winners on 3 continents on Tuesday. The Nobel Prize is awarded to the poor and disabled people in 3 countries: India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 decades. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food”, which improved the lives of 400 million people. The Right Livelihood Award Foundation often supports lesser-known fighters for peace, human rights and the environment with the award. Familiar faces have also received the award a few times since 1980.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines flight bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew many comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is planning to open 300 new stores in Italy in the next six years. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee stronghold of Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22,500 stores in over 70 countries, just not Italy.
The broadcaster ATV has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a kind of PR product for the police. As with all productions, the responsibility for the programs lies with ATV. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the format will be stopped. The broadcaster emphasized that this planned program will not change, even if employees of the Ministry of the Interior might have liked to do it differently. In the event of an attempted editorial intervention, the format will be stopped.
Kurt Wilhelm is the operator of the "Wald & Wiese" shop in Neubaugasse. He says that from autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The district has always spoken out against it. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur cannot yet answer whether he thinks that is a good thing. He says: "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minute intervals."
Hans Peter Doskozil is the head of the cabinet of Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The 45-year-old Alexandra Schrefler-König, judge and head of the records office at the Federal Administrative Court, becomes head of the cabinet of Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. The 45-year-old Schrefler-König comes from the Ministry of the Interior, where she was most recently head of the department for aliens police, visa and border control matters. Then she moved to the Independent Federal Asylum Board (UBAS) and to the Asylum Court. She not only has a good insight into practice - where she was attacked by activists because of some decisions - but has also appeared as an author of specialist publications. Doskozil's chief of staff, Brigadier Jürgen Ortner, is also preparing to change jobs. In a few months he will go to Washington as a military attaché.
On January 29th, Vox will start the new round of the "cook competition" on January 29th at 8:15 p.m. In each episode, a local chef will serve you his regulars' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will decide how well this has worked. The show will also be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves" for Sunday, January 8th. A top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them. In each episode, two of them travel separately to 2 travel destinations that they mutually chose. There, a local chef will serve you his regulars' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases are the biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst is the employee of the Association for Consumer Information (VKI). Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains the 5 biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst says: "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside", says the VKI employee from the current food check. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly." Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the Inzersdorfer can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria".
The Syrian government and opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The agreement is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and opposition groups have reached an agreement. "Historical Opportunity" The US State Department called the ceasefire a "positive development". State Department spokesman Mark Toner said he hoped the agreement would be "fully implemented and respected by all parties". "Any effort to end the violence, save lives and create conditions for renewed and productive political negotiations would be welcome," he said. Turkish head of state Recep Tayyip Erdogan called the ceasefire a "historic opportunity" and an opportunity that should not be wasted. He said that "terrorist groups" were exempt from the new ceasefire. These include jihadist militias such as the Islamic State (IS) organization and fighters from the former Al-Nusra Front, which is close to al-Qaeda and is now called Jabhat Fatah al-Sham. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said large parts of Syria are under the control of 7 moderate opposition groups. Anyone who does not join the agreement will be combated as a terrorist group.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. "She is united with her family," the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" (Friday) quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook, according to Kathpress. Accordingly, Asia Bibi had moved with her husband to the country where her two daughters were already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country, the newspaper's lawyer said. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The police in Munich are on the scene of a shooting near the Olympia shopping center in Munich. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media such as Twitter and Facebook. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. After the mass murder in Nice and the ax attack on a Bavarian train, more and more people are sure that Munich is now the target of a terrorist attack. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police made 4,310 emergency calls. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. New horror reports pop up: shots are said to have been fired at the Stachus, a popular square in Munich's old town. Another shooting near the subway station at Marienplatz was circulated on Twitter. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police made 4,310 emergency calls. In fact, 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of live reports, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators. Shots were still fired at Stachus or near Marienplatz. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that Islamists are at work. More and more pictures from the crime scene are being distributed online, and some media are using them. The photo from a shopping center in which blood and corpses can be seen, with a reference to the OEZ in Munich (see image on the left), is particularly bold. In fact, the picture is from a robbery near Johannesburg in South Africa. Horror reports Eyewitness reports of two men jumping into a vehicle and speeding away. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. New horror reports are said to have been fired at the Stachus, a popular square in Munich's old town. The fear keeps growing.
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children who have no such ads. The German Alliance for Non-Communicable Diseases has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products. "Such advertising thwarts all efforts to teach children healthy nutrition," says Barbara Bitzer, the spokeswoman and managing director of the German Diabetes Society. "Industry's voluntary commitments have proven to be ineffective here. Therefore, only a ban helps to protect children from the harmful effects of advertising." The families were followed for a year for the study. The children were between three and five years old. Every 8 weeks, the parents filled out a questionnaire detailing which TV programs their child had watched and for how long. By comparing this with program recordings, the researchers calculated how much fast food advertising the children had noticed in the children's programs. In addition, the parents reported how often their child had eaten at a fast food chain in the past week and whether they eat fast food regularly. The results showed that children who had seen a lot of relevant advertising ate at Burger about twice as often as "ad-free" children. Even a small amount of advertising increased fast food frequency by 50 percent.
Because it was her heart's last wish, the Fürth Clinic brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The clinic did not expect such an echo, said the spokesman. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible.
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short, serious illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and, together with their two sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the APA request from the Presidential Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a variety of materials to produce useful tools in different ways. In experiments, they show flexible and spontaneous tools use, they explain in the specialist magazine "Biology Letters". In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. This makes this Indonesian parrot species ideal objects of study, because the use of a tool is not an innate behavior, but an individual invention of the bird. Auersperg and her colleagues have previously observed one of their cockatoos, named Figaro, spontaneously prying a splinter out of a larch board to push food out of the cage. Now they tested the manual and intellectual abilities of Figaro and three other cockatoos with regard to tools in more detail. How the bird gets to the nut They placed bits of cashew on a base in a transparent box. This box had a hole about an inch in diameter through which the birds could use a chopstick to knock the nut off the base, causing the treat to tumble out of the box. However, the researchers did not make it so easy for the cockatoos by providing them with ready-made tools, just raw materials.
In the Arctic, spring starts up to 16 days earlier than it did ten years ago. The reason is probably the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
Bill Cosby has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in Pennsylvania. He is 81 years old. Police officers led the 81-year-old out of the courtroom in Norristown, Pennsylvania, in handcuffs on Tuesday. He must serve a sentence of at least three and at most ten years imprisonment. The police officers said that they take it very seriously when someone's freedom is taken away. But I will not apologize for my job. The competent authority in Montgomery County released the police photo shortly afterwards, which shows Bill Cosby in a white shirt with suspenders. He looks dejected in the photo and is not looking at the camera. Cosby's defense attorney, Joseph Green, failed to get him released on bail pending a decision on the planned appeal. This would be tried in the next higher court, the Superior Court in Harrisburg. This court must hear the case, unlike the higher Supreme Court, the highest court in the state of Pennsylvania. Cosby also faces a $25,000 fine and court costs.
With the end of the summer holidays, the large construction sites usually disappear from the streets again. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. The KURIER has the answers to the most important questions and an overview of the cycle paths that are still being built. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How will this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz therefore appealed on Monday: "Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz." Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has been used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. The Facebook subsidiary announced this on Monday in Jakarta. The five-recipient limit was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. It will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
Honey bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen from around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink the sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the beekeepers. The honey bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals in Europe. In Austria there is no competition for food between honey and wild bees. Wherever the honey bee was brought to, in special habitats such as in America or Australia, these could influence each other. In this country, everything that helps the local honey bee also strengthens the wild high-flyers.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, and it is struggling for air. Cat colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. The KURIER animal coach explains which symptoms bother the cat, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Findings Cat colds are caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other. As a result, the cause of the disease cannot be easily known. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not one hundred percent reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the cat is healthy. Treatment "The therapy depends on the severity," explains the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. Cats in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal.
In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, it will be only possible to use the Fiaker horses every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the Fiaker horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only animals may be used as draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse. And finally, the city wants to pay more attention to "animal welfare-related issues", such as the effects of wearing a muzzle, tying the tail or regular feeding. The focus is on increased reconnaissance and controls. The amendment to the Fiaker and Horse Rental Car Act should pass the Vienna Chamber of Commerce in June and then be decided in the state parliament.
The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries. The Global Strike For Future network said on Monday that climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents. In August 2018, Greta Thunberg began demonstrating in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to combat the climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
The Austrian actor Peter Matić will never speak again. He was 82 years old. The actor Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 to 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper, in Reichenau and in Reichenau. He also played numerous film roles. Character Peter Matić was not only a celebrated actor, he was liked and loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues." Voice And last but not least, Ben Kingsley loses his voice. Peter Matić had been the multiple Oscar winner's voice actor for decades. And quite a few felt that his voice suited Kingsley better than his own. The artistic connection between Kingsley and Matić provided one of those rare instances where dubbing didn't make the performance any worse - if not better. It is unimaginable, for example, to hear "Schindler's List" in German without Matić's speaking voice.
In some cities around the world, thousands of people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". In Berlin, for example, around 100 people took part. In London and New York there were several hundred. In Berlin, for example, according to the organizers, around 100 people took part in the "No Pants Subway Ride". It was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who had a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, older people also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh."
Maria Vassilakou will no longer stand as the top candidate of the Greens in the next Vienna state elections. The deputy mayor and city councilor will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou announced that by the time she leaves, all major projects of the legislative period should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed.
The elephants in Schönbrunn Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. Shaka came to the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. The elephants are used to hot temperatures. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, also serves to care for their sensitive skin.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. The Austrian national soccer team clinched their second win in a row, moved up to third place in Group G and is just one point behind second place held by Israel. The coach of the Austrian national soccer team, Franco Foda, said: "Compliments to every single player, that was a great team effort. Victory at this level is absolutely deserved". The false start with 2 defeats last March has now been corrected. "The team have shown that they can withstand the pressure," said Foda. There were only two flaws in the success in Skopje. Martin Hinteregger's own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner and the lack of efficiency. "If you have to or can criticize something, it's the evaluation of chances. We should have scored one or two more goals, but we're satisfied," said Foda. "We played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, we didn't pay attention to the own goal, but we came back anyway." Even when the score was 0:1, the team boss said he had no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we also created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well." Foda said: "You can see that the group is very tight. Poland is marching ahead, that's to be expected. Second place will remain exciting until the end. We're back in full swing, that was very important to us."
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. The women's soccer team is called "FC Mariahilf". The women's soccer team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman.
In Rome, Italy, people are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. Police on Tuesday night blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on monuments. Violators face fines of up to 400 euros. Some behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control. Other cities in Italy are also trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists in Venice had to pay a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
"You just have a bit of a fatty liver." - "Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis and cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol. But fatty liver is not the only thing on which the gastroenterologists and hepatologists are concerned.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten natural gas station of Gas Connect Austria (GCA) on Tuesday morning, investigations into the cause of the explosion continued on Wednesday. The explosion caused one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district in Austria.
The city of Vienna will set up 6 new security bollards in the future. The city will set up this from Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area. In addition, 6 further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" had attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
Almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can search for information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can search for information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice on online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find advice about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud. The Watchlist Internet is a website where people can find information about online fraud.
German-Russian research team has found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings on skulls have been evidence of early human medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on the skull. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most of the patients survived the operation.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died on Monday at the age of 72 in Baden near Vienna. Sigi Maron was born in Vienna in 1944. He became famous with his songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he repeatedly had to take long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014 he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show" Sigi Maron live:
The testers from the magazine Verbraucher magazine gave the pre-washed mixed leaf salad a bad rating. The pre-washed mixed leaf salads or mixed salads were bought from the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters, stored professionally until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germs were so high that we can only advise against consumption. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The guideline and the warning values of the German Society for Hygiene and Microbiology were used for the assessment, as there are no limits for the microbiological assessment of packaged salads in Austria.
For the first time in 85 years, the French brand Lacoste has removed the famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are all endangered. The latter is only emblazoned on a total of 30 polo shirts.
There are 19 female judges in the Harris County District Court in Texas. They are newly elected in the state of Texas. 17 of them were newly elected at the recent elections. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke won to Republican Ted Cruz in the state.
In the next few days, EuroPride will take place in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner in Rome. The fountains are spread all over the city. The fountains are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. The water supply in Rome is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. While EU countries invest about EUR 80 per inhabitant in the water network, it is only EUR 32 in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The UN General Assembly voted by resolution on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several states that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has published a report on the future of children and their health. The report states that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force heavily processed foods like fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco on children. New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark says that it is estimated that 250 million children under the age of 5 in low- and middle-income countries are at risk of not reaching their developmental potential. The report says that every child worldwide is being impacted by climate change and commercial pressure.
Johannes Voggenhuber is a member of the list "Now", founded by Peter Pilz before the 2017 National Council elections. He is also a member of the list "Initiative 1 Europe". He will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, he will be called "Initiative 1 Europe". He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas (ÖVP) to cooperate and take part in the initiative. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens. Money from crowdfunding and from the list. Now, all other interested parties are invited to contact the initiative until the end of March. Then the list of candidates will be fixed. Of course: First place is awarded to Voggenhuber because the whole project was built around him. The election campaign is to be financed on the one hand, but on the other hand also to a large extent from the list "Liste Aktuell".
Hong Kong mourns the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday. She was 38 years old. Jia Jia was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she had lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three.
Norbert Schnedl is the new leader of the powerful civil servants' union. He was elected with 96.6 percent of votes. He succeeds GÖD veteran Fritz Neugebauer. With his first announcement, Schnedl seems to have fulfilled this expectation. Although he is the head of the Christian Union, he gets applause from the Red Party. This is not surprising, since he is calling for a radical reduction in working hours. More precisely, the 3.5-day week for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. He says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a 3.5-day week – with a normal 8-hour day – would mean 28 hours per week.
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center and one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival ended at midnight with 2 fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence.
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. But now, L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her Instagram account, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it. She says that anyone who shows their hair is just grooming it so they can show it off to others.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will be held on the Danube Island in Donau, Austria. There will also be a Falco tribute this year. As of today, the entire program for the Danube Island Festival is available. The Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will be performing there on Saturday. The Falco tribute concert will take place on Saturday on February 19th. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja. The Rainhard Fendrich's new album On Sunday, the festival stage is all about Rainhard Fendrich. He will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday. Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer this year. For the first time this year there is a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time. Incidentally, you can get all the information about the Danube Island Festival via the free Donauinsel app.
The ORF has revised its TVthek. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. New background color The revised design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern: if you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned, with "highlights" and thematic focuses. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites function. The search offers targeted suggestions. New sections New sections are on the one hand the "In Focus" topic page on major current topics, on the other hand the "Last Chance" - here the user is informed of content that will soon have to be removed from the TVthek due to the seven-day rule. There will also be references to the upcoming program with trailers etc.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Anker wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a broadcast on Tuesday. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. New vegan snack bars developed This branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are planned, according to the company. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000. Sales fell from 82.3 million to 71.9 million.
More and more Austrians are arming themselves and want to buy security. The average price of security doors for apartments and houses in Austria is 130.3 million euros in 2015, according to the current industry radar from the consultants Kreutzer Fischer & Partner. The demand for security doors of the highest class in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. And this despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent in the previous year. Apartment doors are generally only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that by becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced Just as many people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course, says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, people would not believe it. But the fourth announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the state chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost six months. It is a double burden that is too much for Seehofer. There are topics that didn't really interest him, there were rumors in Berlin. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country sometimes two government crises. Seehofer said that it would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people directly at the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. And instead of commenting on the riots of right-wing extremists in Chemnitz, he let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. He held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. From then on, some comrades drummed for Seehofer's resignation as minister. According to his statement yesterday, SPD Vice President Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart.
The Association for Consumer Information examined 208 Christmas cookies from the supermarket. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. It was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the traditional recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," explains VKI project manager Birgit Beck. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant was a basketball player from the Los Angeles Lakers. He played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team continuously since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP (Most Valuable Player) award for the NBA's most valuable regular-season player. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Asfinag's section control systems have developed into the road maintenance company's cash cow. The route radar is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer construction site section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked: "It flows directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible. The Section Control proves to be particularly effective - and in several respects. Not only does route monitoring make a significant contribution to reducing accidents, the complete and precise speed control is underestimated by drivers. 650 speed drivers fell into the speed trap on the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria. Day after day, 650 speed drivers fell into the speed trap - the Schwechat city police command was no longer able to keep up with issuing the anonymous decrees and penalties. The speed limit was 80 km/h. "The fastest was traveling at an average speed of 171 km/h. Unfortunately, many drivers drive much too fast, especially in the sensitive construction site areas," says Colonel Willy Konrath from the Lower Austria provincial transport department. The police are expecting a similar number of speed offenders as recently on the A4. Konrath considers the route radar to be much more effective and also fairer to drivers: "A radar device only records a point. Section control, on the other hand, measures speed behavior." "Multi Section Control" is the name of the latest generation of route radar. Multi because not only sections of the route on main lanes, but also access and exit roads are completely checked with it. The devices can also monitor various speed limits depending on the type of vehicle. The newly established Section Control on the 13-kilometer section of the autobahn between Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Lower Austria has a maximum speed of 80 km/h.
The US Democratic Party of the United States of America has elected civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez as their new party leader on Saturday. The 55-year-old, who actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council President of Austria pardoned twelve prisoners. They will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The annual Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President - since there is currently no formal one, because Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been taken over by National Council President Doris Bures. She said that the Christmas amnesty has a long tradition in Austria, which should not be interrupted in this special year. With the decision, the Presidency followed the proposal of the Minister of Justice. Prisoners who have been imprisoned for less than 5 years are eligible for a pardon. At least one third of the sentence must already been served and the remainder of the sentence must not exceed 18 months. Offenders who have been convicted of sexual offences, serious violent offenses or drug offenses are excluded from the Christmas clemency campaign.
Because 75,700 new nursing staff will be needed in Austria by 2030, there is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social professions in Austria. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria.
The tennis player Novak Djokovic reached the Grand Slam Finals at Wimbledon. It was his fifth Grand Slam victory. The tennis player Novak Djokovic won 7: 6 (5), 7: 6 (4), 4: 6, 13:12. At 4:57 hours it was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of Djokovic, who was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, champion of the year 2001, at Wimbledon. It is his fifth Wimbledon victory - he caught up with Björn Borg, only Federer (eight) and Pete Sampras (seven) were more successful in the professional era (since 1968) at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. The fans were over the moon and kept cheering on Federer. The Swiss then had two match balls on his own serve. And forgave her. Djokovic was wide awake during these phases. And managed the re-break. So no end after all.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a corresponding decree. The APA department announced that the necessary basic training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, the task force to combat street crime, selected members of the police detention centers and a few members of the Upper Austria standby unit have been authorized to work.
The German Toy Dealers Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) in Germany, Austria and Switzerland has to recall the wooden roller coaster with 3 roller-coasters of the SpielMaus Holz trademark. The roller coaster can become detached from the cars. These individual parts can pose a potential risk of suffocation for small children. There are around 3500 pieces in total, which have been sold through VEDES wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own this product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. More information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out again, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna published a new study. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-containing plant protection products. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. As the current Bundesliga leader announced on Thursday, Christoph Freund signed a new contract with Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday. More than 260,000 people killed The FARC took up arms in 1964 in a fight against landlords and the government. In addition to the army, other left-wing guerrilla groups, right-wing paramilitaries and the drug mafia were also involved in the conflict. In total, more than 260,000 people were killed in the violent conflict that lasted more than half a century.
The first domestic Harry Potter fan event was held in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, was accused of abuse of power and obstructing of investigations in Congress. The President of the United States, Donald Trump, is the third president in the United States to face impeachment in the Senate. Under the US Constitution, at least 67 of the 100 senators in an impeachment trial must find the president guilty of at least one of the charges in order to remove him from office. Given the current majority in the Senate, at least 20 Republicans would have had to side with the Democrats to impeach Trump.
The FPÖ and the FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" on January 25th in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ and the FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" on January 25th in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it was against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it is against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball" because it was against the right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball". The FPÖ organized the "Academial Ball".
The world's largest coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, may be in more danger than previously thought. Current aerial photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. The scientists warned that there was "hardly any chance of recovery". How the reef could be saved The most severe recent damage, according to the scientists, affects the central part of the Great Barrier Reef. In the past year, coral sticks in particular in the north of the 2,300-kilometer-long reef have bleached out. Only in the south are the sticks still intact.
The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association warned that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association warned that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early. If a wild animal is obviously badly injured, you should call the professionals. You can also contact the Animal Welfare Association if ducks do not choose breeding sites that are appropriate to their species, such as balconies or house ledges.
Born in 2 minutes, not only in 2 days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador, there are some giant tortoises. They are called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that Galapagos island. The last giant tortoise was last detected in 1906. There were no clear signs of life after that, it was feared that the giant tortoises had become extinct. Scientists assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints as well as unconfirmed sightings led the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to suspect that there might still be some giant tortoises.
The Austrian team players will not have dared to glance at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, but it was enough for Croatia to win. The Croatian players knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless and goalless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the 4 best third-placed teams. Bordeaux venue In the top game for group victory, Spain quickly left no doubts. It was already 1-0 in the 7th minute, after a dream move: Silva played deep to Fàbregas, who put it back to Morata. What looked easy was actually high skill. It was the third EM goal for the 23-year-old. This is not the only reason why Morata is currently on everyone's lips. The forward on loan to Juventus belongs to Real Madrid and the Spaniards can and want to bring him back for €30m by June 30. But he should not play in Madrid, but be resold at a high price. Chelsea and Arsenal are interested.
The government and opposition have been arguing about the new Working Hours Act for days. The government has promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the "daily individual cases", the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified. Because: “Is it still voluntary if you have voluntarily agreed that it is in the roster? Because the second it's in the roster, it's actually no longer voluntary," says ÖHV President Michaela Reitterer.
The Netherlands have introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new limit is well received by the Dutch people. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined that 51 percent of the Dutch people perceive the new limit as positive.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The starchy chestnuts, which are actually a special breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy staple. What the chestnuts can do for you: 1. Carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta quickly raises blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable insulin level. Even the energy low that is typical of carbohydrate-rich food does not occur after consumption. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of dried chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes its elimination through the kidneys. If you lower the sodium level in the blood, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. 3. Important B vitamins Without B vitamins, nothing works in the body, since all B vitamins are important regulators of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. Chestnuts also provide vitamins B1 and B2. The former is particularly important for the carbohydrate metabolism of the nerves, brain and muscles. The latter plays a special role in converting fats, proteins and carbohydrates into nutrients. 4. Lots of vitamin C The winter snack can score points when it comes to the vitamin C content. Compared to other filling foods such as potatoes, lentils or soy, chestnuts provide a lot of vitamin C. Studies show that vitamin C lowers cholesterol levels and is good for the heart. 5. Good fat Chestnuts not only have a positive effect on cholesterol levels because of their vitamin C content. Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids are also beneficial. 6. Antioxidative potential The secondary plant substances contained in chestnuts are characterized by a high antioxidant potential and a strong anti-inflammatory effect. This is what you need to know about chestnuts:
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to category ten, the world's top security level. For this purpose, 6 of the most modern airport extinguishers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium in Vienna ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the students had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tolds the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten these days. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. In principle, however, the problem is everywhere where there are oaks, says Vienna's forest director Andreas Januskovecz. In the nature reserve, one is limited to providing information about the risk, says Januskovecz. It is best to stay away from oak trees where the caterpillars gather.
A strong earthquake on the Aegean island of Kos has killed at least 2 people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) also spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake. In Turkey, which is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured according to initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of the city. At the time of the quake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar had collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There is no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. According to the Greek state broadcaster ERT, the center of the earthquake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. Bodrum is about ten kilometers from Kos. According to the European Seismological Center, around 1 million people live in the area where the earth trembled. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings. The governor of the province of Mugla, Esengul Civelek, told the state news agency Anadolu that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage. "We were able to contact all districts," said Civelek, even if there were some problems with the power supply. Some people would spend the night outdoors for fear of more aftershocks.
For Natascha's parents, it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of the parents will start next Saturday.
Last year, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria, which was significantly fewer than before the introduction of the sparkling wine tax in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the market to collapse by 20 percent. The finance minister in 2015 brought in around 15 million euros. The corks only popped at the sparkling wine manufacturers, who are exempt from the tax. In the previous year alone, 14 million bottles of sparkling wine were sold in Austria.
The Finnish journalist Valtteri Bottas, 27, has been on the gas since the beginning of the year. He has been working with Mercedes since the beginning of the year. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. It's like Real Madrid versus FC Barcelona, says the friendly and somewhat stressed motorsport journalist from Finland. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. He is more about the atmosphere. "Kimi is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that." There are many more interesting tasks in motorsport in Finland. For example, he should replace the surprisingly retired world champion Nico Rosberg and, on the other hand, stand up to the exceptional Lewis Hamilton. There are simpler tasks in motorsport in Finland, but currently hardly any more attractive ones. For example, the Finnish journalist Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of Mercedes. He has the right car for it. The new Silver Arrow, which is one of the best of the year even after the rule reform. Bottas frees himself from the pressure with a not untypical wusssiness of the Finns: "The good thing about racing is that one thing never changes: It's about getting absolutely everything out of the car." Nevertheless, he looks a little pale during the first important days of work as one of the most important Mercedes employees. Which is not (only) due to his Nordic complexion. Bottas does not possess that cool and iconic attitude of teammate Hamilton, nor the sophisticated but down-to-earth demeanor of his predecessor Rosberg. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benetton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of Mercedes.
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also proven. In a series of experiments, researchers contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap - and then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. In 1988, a soap manufacturer commissioned a similar study. For the survey, 16 sample ends were allowed to handle the bar of soap and then the degree of bacterial contamination on the hands was determined. Again, no bacteria could be detected after hand washing. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary: they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold weather.