"Journey around the world" is a musical based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed next Saturday, October 1st in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. "Journey around the world" is a musical based on a novel by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed next Saturday, October 1st, in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met with the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo, it quickly became clear that this musical is special. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature.
The German baker Helmut Gragger will open a social bakery in Vienna next week. In the social bakery, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Helmut Gragger in an interview with KURIER. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause. Christoph Chorherr will not bake, as he says in the interview. He doesn't have to: Helmut Gragger used to work for the industry with all sorts of enzymes and flavor enhancers, until the baker from Strobl on Lake Wolfgang followed his ideals more than 2 decades ago and opened a bakery for honest craftsmanship in Ansfelden near Linz. Gragger was already cooperating with Caritas in Upper Austria and made it possible for the socially disadvantaged to get an education. In Vienna he is now doing his own thing at 220, hundreds of applicants have applied. The Upper Austrian employs three apprentices in the bakery alone: "One of them is a boy who has trouble concentrating. The mother has been looking for an apprenticeship for three years." An employee with manic-depressive illness also works in the social bakery in the Nordbahnviertel: "When he's in a good mood, he wraps everyone around his finger. If the mood changes, you have to be careful and it's better if he works in the back of the bakery." Isn't he afraid to fail? "Fear would be a bit exaggerated, but I have a lot of respect because we're daring something completely new. Everyone just wants the perfect person. It's a big challenge: we have to train here without the customers noticing that we're training. Helping people help themselves." Crispy bread from the wood-fired oven It can make you dizzy when the Upper Austrian talks about his projects in Uganda, Bangkok or Senegal: "What else is supposed to change the world apart from education? Next year we will be opening in cooperation with Caritas in Serbia and in Cooperation with a Roma association in Albania."
The President of the United States Sebastian Kurz and Donald Trump were at a meeting in the White House in Washington. The President of the United States, Sebastian Kurz, is known to appreciate Donald Trump. He is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him. For businessman and dealmaker Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States simply being cheated by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House. Trevor Traina, the US Ambassador to Austria, described his impression of the tough but open negotiations in the White House that Trump had made his frustration in dealing with the EU clear. Traina, who was instrumental in bringing about the short visit, sees an interesting and potentially important role for the Austrian Chancellor in the current crisis between the US and Europe.
In Europe, the eyeworm is very common. In recent years, infections with the parasite have increased in both dogs and cats. The eyeworm is native to the Far East, but the oriental eyeworm is now also spreading in Europe. The eyeworm reaches its target via a special fruit fly. It affects the conjunctival sac and eye tissue. If left untreated, the retina can be damaged, but the sense of sight does not have to be lost with timely treatment. Skinworm and heartworm The skinworm is much rarer than skinworm or heartworm. The skinworms live in small knots in the skin. The heartworms, which can be up to 17 cm long, live in large blood vessels that lead from the heart to the lungs. There the parasites can live up to 7 years. If the infestation is weak, the disease runs its course without symptoms. In the event of massive damage, the four-legged friend suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The therapy can be carried out with medication or by a surgical intervention.
A 45-year-old German mountaineer has been trapped in a crevice in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau in Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was interrupted. An official managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The accident victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man who was responsive out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
It took almost 50 years for the first electric traffic light to go into operation in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 1926 it flashed red and green for the first time in Vienna. The first electric traffic light was put into operation in the Opernkreuzung in Vienna. The first electric traffic light in Vienna was made in 1926. The first electric traffic lights were exported to over 70 countries and regulate traffic worldwide. The same-sex traffic light couples became famous: in Vienna in 2015, before the Life Ball and the Song Contest, they caused an international sensation. However, the LED traffic light producer also fulfills other requests, such as the production of the traffic light girl for Belgium or the guard for England.
Martin Gruber is the new party chairman of the Carinthian ÖVP. He was nominated by the board of the Carinthian ÖVP on Wednesday evening. The 34-year-old succeeds Christian Benger, who announced his retirement this morning. Gruber is the mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district. In 2009, he was elected mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She lives in the German town of Pinneberg and has Down syndrome. She is the reason why her ID card was issued in her name. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own new ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, Hannah noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID document. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed her their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. Her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. The severely disabled person's pass is a nationwide proof of the status of a severely disabled person in Germany. The degree of disability and other health characteristics are noted therein. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID card only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the ID card a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely disabled ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg was the son of a wealthy industrialist. He worked as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945, Raoul Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date. "Legally, we had to choose a date at least 5 years after his disappearance, and there are traces of his life up to the end of July 1947," said Pia Gustafsson of the Swedish Revenue Agency.
According to the World Health Organization, men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less than women. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress in other countries. Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years.
Gucci, Versace, Fendi, Calvin Klein - only the brightest names in the fashion world were on the packaging that was transported to Vienna by air freight. The problem with it: The articles, which have an original value of 5.2 million euros, were all counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. Counterfeit products can pose a serious risk to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, the panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure for the first time. Now many visitors want to see the panda twins in person – and have to queue to do so. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because the panda bears are simply cool. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," says her husband Graeme. Pierre from France also saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend. After the New Year, the Schönbrunn Zoo is now being explored, and the pandas couldn't be missing. Christine Buberl is one of the lucky few who has seen the baby animals. She is delighted with the little ones: "The pandas are a very special highlight, especially since twin births are rare," says Buberl. Together with her grandchildren Alma and Theo, she is queuing for the second time because: "Up until now I've only seen pandas on TV," says Theo. Concerned mother bear It is because the little bears arouse so much interest among animal lovers that safety is particularly important, as animal keeper Nicole Samek explains. She has been looking after pandas and koalas since September 2007 and has met all of Yang Yang's children. But every birth is something new for them too. But one thing always remains the same, namely that the young animals need a lot of sleep. A tree hollow was specially created so that they can do this as naturally and undisturbed as possible. Nevertheless, the panda twins are very eager and climb a lot, unlike what was experienced in the morning. But mother Yang Yang is always particularly vigilant when her twins go exploring: "She makes sure that nothing happens to her children," says zoologist Samek. The fact that the panda twins are developing so well is not least due to the nutrition of their panda mother. Depending on how she is feeling on the day, she is given a mixture of rice and corn flour, quail eggs and vegetables, plus a bit of bamboo. An adult panda bear eats 30 kilograms of it every day. The twins are still far away from the crowd. They currently swallow a few leaves at most.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their companies and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market" (Campus Verlag). KURIER: A new start at 50 – opportunity or burden? Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many people over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not very resilient or often ill, inflexible and not very willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way.
The Burgenland Red Cross has been working as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. The Red Cross volunteers are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
Welcome to the language café. It was set up in a street bar of the association Station Wien at Einsiedlerplatz in Vienna-Margareten. The language café has now received an award as part of the "SozialMarie" awards. On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the three tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. Meeting Zone The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. But first she has to improve her German skills. Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay here." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." The project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners, pensioners - from many countries, from all continents, from all cultures. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be one month old. The twins are already a mother of five. They were born in 2007 and it was Fu Long. The brothers Fu Hu and Fu Bao followed in 2010 and 2013. All three males now live in China. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock. They can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat. Video Schönbrunn Zoo has its own YouTube channel. At birth, the twins were around ten centimeters tall and weighed around 100 grams. Both now weigh about 1 kilogram and are estimated to be 35 centimeters long from the tip of the nose to the tip of the tail. There are no exact dates yet, because the animal keepers are still only observing the animals in the whelping box via the camera. They see that mother Yang Yang is caring for both of them and can already tell the twins apart.
Truck driver from the Amstetten district is said to have let a ten-year-old drive his truck on the A1 (Westautobahn) in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height, the Lower Austrian police said on Monday. The father filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25 shortly before 2 a.m., the 41-year-old from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father. The driver is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering physical safety and negligent endangerment of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St. Pölten and the responsible district administration authority.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), six draws and seven defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics.
On Thursday, the National Council of Austria voted on the reform of the social security system. The National Council is the legislative body of the country. The National Council is the legislative body that governs the country. The National Council is the legislative body that governs the country. The National Council is the legislative body that governs the country. The National Council voted on the reform of the social security system.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench: the body reacts to heavy exercise by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odors, washing is not recommended. It is recommended to wash the underwear after each training session. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. "However, if you train hard, things need to be washed every time."
The government passed many laws in the National Council in 2018. Some of them are very controversial, such as a new ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, a ban on knives for foreigners and, above all, the highly controversial Site Development Act. This is intended to enable faster procedures as soon as a project has been classified by an advisory board as "location-relevant" and "in the public interest". This procedure precedes the EIA. If it is decided within a maximum of 6 months that a project is relevant to the location, then after a further 6 months the EIA must be clear as to whether the project can be approved. This means that after twelve months it is clear whether a project can be approved in principle and after 18 months there must be approval or rejection - in the first instance. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. However, environmental organizations are also critical of the amended law. Global 2000 believes that ending the EIA in the first instance by setting a deadline is not a solution to fundamental legal problems. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and critical large-scale projects are pushed through.
Rudolf Greul is the so-called Refugee Contact Officer. He is responsible for 6 refugee homes in Vienna. He is the contact for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee quarters. He is also the contact for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee quarters. There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the refugee quarters. There are currently 20 refugees over the age of 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school. "99 percent of my work is preventive," says Rudolf Greul. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus" again. However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are no more conspicuous than our children. He says many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee home, there are also 20 refugees over the age of 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school. "99 percent of my work is preventive," says Rudolf Greul. "A lot is nipped in the bud." There are no major difficulties in any of "his" refugee homes. His presence alone has a positive effect. After all, hardly anyone would start fighting if a police officer was standing next to them. "I'm sort of the blue light here," says Rudolf Greul. When he's called, it's usually because of bodily harm, fights, property damage and occasionally because of minor drug-related offences. In the ten months that he was assigned to the refugee home as a refugee officer, there were four violent clashes and one case of property damage. "And that with 45 very pubescent young people. That's also on every school ski course," says Rudolf Greul. After many reports of harassment and turf wars, the refugees are "in focus". However, in his work he has not yet noticed that young refugees are no more conspicuous than our children. He says many would first have to trust the police. "I have to show them that the police mean no harm, but at the same time that there are consequences if they do something wrong." Prevention In addition to the 45 unaccompanied minors who live in the refugee home, there are also 20 refugees over the age of 18 living there. They are from Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Algeria, Syria, Nigeria, the Russian Federation and Benin. Only a few of them are at home in the morning, most of them are already in German courses or at school.
A study in Brazil has confirmed the effect of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital, where patients with an acute migraine attack are admitted. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group received a placebo. Both also received an intravenous pain reliever (ketoprofen) to treat the migraine. The patients then filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after 1 hour, and after one and a half and two hours. In addition, the intensity of the pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded.
For several years there has been a wide range of city walks in Vienna. This ranges from small neighborhood tours by Viennese for Viennese to themed tours by professional tourist guides. Christa Bauer, President of the Association of Certified Vienna Tourist Guides, says: "On the one hand, the Viennese wanted to get to know the culture and history better. On the other hand, at some point they realize that there is so much to discover in Vienna that they don't even know yet." Half of the participants in such tours are from Vienna and the surrounding area. The special tours were particularly well received - on topics such as eroticism, taxes and crime stories. The KURIER has an overview: Talking statues of Goethe near the Burggarten, Beethoven next to the Ritz-Carlton and the Soviet soldier on Schwarzenbergplatz. All kinds of personalities have already been memorialized in Vienna. On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments - and slip into the role of the statues themselves. Info : 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors.
Judges, civil servants and employees will be ordered to cut from the budget for the year 2018/19. There is massive protest from the workforce. A signature campaign by all judicial employees was extremely popular with hundreds of signatures in the first few hours. The representatives of the profession hope that this will persuade the government to give in. If, despite the expected broad rejection, there is no willingness to talk about the budget, they will consider further measures. Because with the planned cuts, the courts could not maintain their services and quality to the extent planned. The police force would be increased at the same time, which would mean more reports and therefore more work for the criminal courts. There is also a risk of an extension of asylum procedures, as positions at the Federal Administrative Court are to be axed. In view of the wave of refugees, the 120 temporary posts granted there are not to be extended.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also suffered the consequences of sexist postings at a late hour. On Shrove Tuesday at 0.30 a.m., Strache put a photo montage with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: "There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF." The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit, but ultimately the two agreed out of court. The FPÖ leader apologized to the ORF employees via an advertisement and had to pay 50,000 euros, which the ORF moderator donated. The exclusion of Dönmez from the ÖVP club is not a premiere for the Turks. The first to feel the consequences of sexist postings was ex-MP Marcus Franz. On a blog he accused Angela Merkel in the midst of the refugee crisis that she was only letting the young refugees into the country because she herself had no children. His tweets were particularly spicy when the Po-Grapsch paragraph was added. He wrote: “Whether the Popsch keeps what the look promises. Wanting to experience that is now being punished.”
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is the most closed in Austria with 20.4 days. This fact poses great challenges for many working parents and single parents. The Austrian average is 11 days. Solution The municipalities of Neuberg and Güttenbach have found a solution to the problem together and only do not offer childcare for 5 days in the summer. The children from Neuberg are currently playing in Güttenbach. Some are on the trampoline, others are sliding, splashing about and painting.
Women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study in Sweden. The study was published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If physically very fit women developed dementia, it was on average 11 years later than women with only moderate fitness. For example at the age of 90 instead of 79. The results are exciting because it is possible that improving fitness in middle age can delay or even prevent the onset of dementia.
One of the largest icebergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. The scientists from the University of Swansea have discovered an enormous crack in the ice in Antarctica. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The scientists believe that the crack could cause the ice shelf more sensitive to climate change. They fear that the crack could also make the ice shelf more sensitive to global warming. However, the crack is not caused by an increase in temperature. Experts refer to floating ice-mass that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of four distinct areas, of which Larsen C is the largest.
The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. An adjacent green meadow is available for grazing. For the city of Rotterdam, the floating farm closes an ecological cycle: recycling and upcycling of biomass is used for the production of dairy products. The cow manure should in turn be used for parks. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
The New Yorkers are already drinking the Kombucha. Some people are already talking about the Kombucha because the soft drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and lemon juice is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many other soft drinks. The Süddeutsche Zeitung wrote so enthusiastically in the spring. Tipsy scoop Speaking of alcohol – this year it will be processed into ice cream scoops in Manhattan. New Yorkers like to queue for a tipsy scoop in the recently opened salon of the same name. The varieties have names like "Whiskey Salted Caramell" or "Tequila Mexican Hot Chocolate".
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least 3 deep breaths. An insult has the consequence that we hold our breath. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. You should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the other person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. In other words: you keep your distance, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really meant what is said. If one is unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place.
The shiitake mushroom is very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake mushroom supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair.
According to the "Expat City Ranking 2018", Vienna is the unfriendliest city in the world for expats. It is based on more than 18,000 people who work and live abroad. In the overall ranking, Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier. Almost half of the people surveyed said it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowing the language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make new friends in Vienna. The top three cities for expats are Taipei, Singapore and Manama. At the other end of the scale, Riyadh ranks last, followed by Jeddah and Rome. The ranking is based on this year's "Expat Insider Study" by the Munich company InterNations. Evaluation factors such as quality of life, acclimatization, professional life, personal finances and the housing market were used.
Some make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and yet others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to the globalization, Christmas has shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia? Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is also spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on that day in another part of the world, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Of course there are certain limitations. Instead of Christmas carp, chicken is the order of the day in Japan.
The Austrian Students' Union (ÖU) is a group of young scientists from Austria. The new system allows for young scientists to go to a professorship. The new system also allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. The new system allows for a faster transfer to the professorship. In the new system, all teachers of general subjects at secondary level (above all new middle school, AHS, vocational middle and higher schools and BMHS) study together. So far, AHS and BMHS teachers have been trained at the universities, compulsory school teachers (in addition to NMS also polytechnic schools and special schools), however, at the teacher training colleges and universities. In the new system, however, PHs are only allowed to offer courses for secondary school teachers if they cooperate with a university. This is intended to ensure more academic training. Part of the new system is also cooperation between universities and PHs. In practice, four associations or clusters have been formed for this purpose: The South-East association was founded in 2015 ( Styria, Carinthia, Burgenland ). In the new academic year, the West Association (Tyrol, Vorarlberg), the North-East Association (Vienna, Lower Austria) and the Central Cluster Region (Salzburg, Upper Austria) will start. Voluntary social year is equated There is also a change in student support: recipients of grants over the age of 27 receive a monthly supplement of 30 euros, and completing a voluntary social year is equated to military and community service. In addition, there is no obligation to repay the subsidy after the second semester due to lack of academic success if there is later favorable academic success again.
Many people who have been abandoned by their partner know how painful it can be. Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She also worked as a crisis care mother, so you always have to say goodbye to foster children," says Limbeck. She founded Vienna's first separation outpatient clinic. Unlike similar institutions such as the lovesickness practice, the focus is on group sessions. Once a week, up to twelve affected people meet to share their experiences. Limbeck or Roidinger accompany the group. For Limbeck, the latter is the most important thing. "Many feel stupid at some point and no longer dare to talk about it in their private lives. At some point it's time to pull yourself together. Family and friends don't want to and can't bear the pain for so long."
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start was canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. In the past, there was only 93 percent of the supporting organizations. The coming years could bring some support facilities in staff shortages, concerning civil servants. In addition, it is becoming more difficult for civil servants to work their way through their service while on sick leave. Finally, a kind of state knowledge for civil servants is planned. In 2017, 14,907 civil servants could be assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. In the past, there was only 93 percent of the supporting organizations.
Most Austrian district authorities and magistrates have no special entry barriers. The exception is Upper Austria, where the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. In Upper Austria, a gunman took a hostage in the district authority in Klosterneuburg in 2011 and shot a man. The district authorities are not ready yet. Not even in Lower Austria, although a gunman took a hostage in the district authority in Klosterneuburg in 2011 and shot a man. There are also alarm switches linked to the police, and pepper spray has also been issued. An evaluation of the security measures should be available in the spring. "Dornbirn can then play a role there." In general, the call for more security is getting louder: Alexander Majcan, head of the district authority in Southeast Styria and spokesman for the district authority association, considers locks to be a suitable measure. "That will be an issue at our next meeting."
It was probably the longest and most eventful football evening in the history of the ÖFB, which ended at 9:33 p.m. in the Wörthersee Stadium in Klagenfurt, but it ended dryly and, above all, with enthusiasm. Austria defeated world champion Germany 2:1. Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, then he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. The defender volleyed the ball and hit it on target (53'). Germany controlled the game with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria played back to goalie Siebenhandl, whose unsuccessful shot landed on Özil, who thanked him with the 0:1. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities. Only gradually did Austria gain courage and direct the actions more deeply. Zulj tested Neuer with a shot that was fired too centrally, and shortly afterwards Grillitsch surprisingly fired a shot into the near corner, but Neuer proved with a great reflex that why he rightly has the right to claim number 1. Courage to take risks Austria started the second half much more aggressively, offensively and swiftly in the transition and put in a brilliant phase. At first, Alaba was just a few centimeters short of a long-range shot, but he served Hinteregger from a corner to equalize to make it 1-1, which is well worth seeing. Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Lainer, who put it back to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1. By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria defended the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick, the operations manager of the private rescue service Distress Alert. Distress Alert is a private ambulance service.
There are many volunteers at Christmas, for example at the crypt, but not for children. The City of Vienna has launched its own initiative "Voluntary in Vienna" with a large overview. Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the way or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania. Keep your eyes open. Beggars You often see people begging on the street or especially near supermarkets. Don't just look the other way, but rather offer them to get something open to eat. Young people are even more generous than older people.
In the 8th century, a Viking settlement in Birka, Sweden, was found. It is believed that the Vikings were a great warrior and leader. However, genetic tests of the bones of the buried person revealed that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthology. With the help of radio-isotope studies, the researchers were able to determine that the buried person was very mobile. The researchers believe that she was a warrior on the move.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF directors will be Werner Herics, Werner Herics, Walter Schneeberger, Walter Papst and Doris Fennes-Wagner. The ORF directors will be chosen by the 35-member board of trustees.
Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un will meet again eight months after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening, at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim emphasized his basic willingness to "complete denuclearization". But there were no concrete commitments as to when North Korea intends to completely disarm its nuclear weapons. North Korea has repeatedly accused the United States of wanting to force North Korea into nuclear weapons. Recently, Pyongyang has therefore increased its call for the international sanctions to be relaxed. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War (1950-53) in the summer. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint large-scale military maneuvers. Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being.
The 13th day of the Olympics got off to a good start from an Austrian point of view. Anna Gasser was the favorite and won in the Big Air. Afterwards there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run. Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. Wilhelm Denifl, Bernhard Gruber, Lukas Klapfer and Mario Seidl won bronze. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here. During the night Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. David Wise won with 97.20 points ahead of Alex Ferreira. Click here for our Olympic Channel!
In the first half of the year, the Public Employment Service ( AMS ) imposed 17 percent more sanctions on recipients of unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday in a Standard report. According to the AMS, most sanctions (plus 11,540 to 29,500) were due to work/training being refused or frustrated. A total of around 11,700 of these were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses, almost 7,200 more than in the first half of the year.
Verena Preiner, 24 years old, is the first woman to win a gold medal at the World Cup in Doha. The World Cup is the world's biggest sporting event. The World Cup is the most successful sporting event in the history of the Austrian association. In sixth place, 34 points behind bronze, Verena Preiner started the second day of the competition. It soon became clear that the gold would go to Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson, while Nafissatou Thiam from Belgium could no longer take silver. But behind them, an exciting fight for third place broke out. Even in the long jump, Verena Preiner showed up. In the second jump, she landed at 6.36 meters, an improvement of 2 centimeters on her personal best. After that she threw her spear 46.68 meters. Although she was almost 3 meters short of her personal best, she was in third place after the competition.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the match between Partizan and Everton Luiz, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said Luiz. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
Although average incomes are rising in developing countries, the living standards of the poorest people, for example in the form of access to sanitation facilities and clean energy, cannot keep up. This is shown by a study published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to the study by IIASA researcher Narasimha Rao. He has looked at how access to clean energy has evolved over the past few decades. It turned out that income growth alone is not enough for everyone in society to have access to the basic necessities. The researchers also found that the supply of clean cooking energy and sanitation lags behind that of electricity and water. This has a strong impact on the poorest members of society, especially women.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation on Wednesday. Dozens of countries participated in the financing to protect the whole planet and humanity from the radioactive contamination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The 108 meter high and 36,000 ton metal construction is said to last a hundred years and withstand tornadoes. 45 countries contributed to the costs of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected shortly after the accident will be dismantled. It had cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now Graziela Oliveira and Gabriel Soares are a couple. She is 16, he just 15 years old. And they have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and under dark house entrances. Now they live together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened, both stressed. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel. "That's exactly the problem. The authorities are not concerned with the rehabilitation and reintegration of young people into society, but only with 'cleaning' the city - especially now in the run-up to the Olympic Games," says Sebastiao de Andrade. The 58-year-old is one of the supervisors at a day center that takes care of street children.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study done by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business in Los Angeles. Many studies have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, however, there has been no experimental study on the influence of temperature on mental performance that takes gender-specific differences into account. For the new study, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the issuing office of the Pannonian Food Bank in Eisenstadt. An older man wants fruit and bread. A woman buys pastries, flour and sugar for herself and her three children. The Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed for a long time. The Pannonian Food Bank distributes food to people who don't have that much money to live on. The Pannonian Food Bank is located in Oberpullendorf, in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank has 63 volunteer helpers. The Pannonian Food Bank is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed for a long time. The Pannonian Food Bank is located in Eisenstadt, in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonic Table is the first point of contact when problems arise. Many of them are in an emergency, some are mentally or physically ill. The homeless are also always helped. There is a sewing café and the Death Café where people talk about death and life. The Pannonian Food Bank opens its doors six days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas you can find many delicacies, the children get presents. The Pannonian Food Bank is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students made themselves. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport food. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help.
An unusually powerful tropical cyclone has hit India's east coast. The tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people had previously been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the tropical cyclone uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to around 200,000 people.
Rosie was already in the crypt when there was only lard and tea. It was in 1986 when the homeless facility of Caritas Vienna was founded. It was only open for 2 hours in the evening. For twelve years Rosie was homeless. She slept in tents, in demolished houses and in toilets. It started when Rosie was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did Rosie find shelter in the crypt. Rosie looked for a job. She worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible, says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said this one sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction". The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is "of course" still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending".
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" will take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information. The planning is almost complete, according to Beate Hartinger-Klein.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87 in Australia. He won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of 7 Grand Slam titles and 2 Davis Cups. He coached women's tennis stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of nominating Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs spoke out against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund, 49 abstained. Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the law firm of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the 63-year-old Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
Adults are affected by a cold 2 to 3 times a year. Children even suffer from a viral infection of the nasal mucosa 6 to 8 times a year. They often hear from their parents saying: "Don't wind up, blow your nose!" This is not only wrong, but can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp, head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. If an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, then this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells that are created by the permanent defensive struggle. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability Univ.-Prof. Rasp : "Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and therefore correct blowing of the nose in football broadcasts on television. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear the phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct." In some areas of Germany, this method is also called "Charlottenburg" or "peasant handkerchief". However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. "This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. And what shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube. This can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
Atletico Madrid won the fifth European Cup Final against Marseille in the Champions League. It was the first European Cup Final for Atletico Madrid since 2010. The Spaniards won the match against the French team, Olympique Marseille. It was their first European Cup Final since 2010. The Spaniards scored their first goals in the competition. The Spaniards also scored their second goal in the competition. The Spaniards also scored their first goal in the competition. The Spaniards also scored their third goal in the competition. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup, after a 2-1 win in Madrid and a 0-0 draw in Marseille in 2008 in the Champions League. It was already the second European Cup Final for Atletico Madrid. In 1986, they won 3-0 against Dynamo Kiev in the then cup winners' competition. The Spaniards are still unbeaten against Marseille in the European Cup.
German researchers have now found out which type of movement has more benefits for dementia patients. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. In the study, we were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. In the endurance and stretching class, participants did repetitive exercises, such as cycling or Nordic walking. The dance group, on the other hand, constantly practiced new steps from different dance styles. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises under the name "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
A social worker helped other people get their lives under control. When she was in debt at the bank with 60,000 euros, she could no longer cope with her own life. As a single mother, Müller had taken out a loan on the advice of the bank advisor and later increased it. Eventually she got sick and had to retire. Then it was just too much to handle". The 70-year-old went into private bankruptcy. She pledged to pay back 50 percent of her debt within 4 years so that the rest could be forgiven. From then on, 700 euros were deducted from her a month, leaving 1100 euros for maintenance. In January 2017, the bankruptcy proceedings for Renate Müller were completed, then she got her full pension again: "Four years are a hard time," she says: "If the cat needs a vet, that's a problem. And the bank gave me notice, people like that don't need them as customers. How you feel there!" More and more people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 (ten years ago there were 5,351).
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum.
The Austrian company ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The future day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain trains will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance trains at ÖBB makes barrier-free entry possible. The first 8 trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More connections will follow later. The area for people with reduced mobility (PRM - Persons with Reduced Mobility) on the day train is now being redesigned and enlarged. Wheelchair users do not want to travel in a separate area, but in places with the same facilities as all other travelers, such as a table and reading lamp. Blind people need to be able to get close to monitors and lettering in order to read texts. Blind people, for their part, need tactile information and location sounds in the door area for orientation. Everything that is said acoustically should be readable on a screen, deaf people demand. People with mental disabilities need quiet areas and places to retreat, as crowding can lead to stressful situations.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited the socialist Caribbean island of Cuba, Cuba's chief negotiator Josefina Vidal said on Wednesday. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for the socialist Caribbean island. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba last year, 13 percent more than in 2015. By 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms will be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected area. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record storm in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear on Thursday. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of houses. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. Panama City Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off every single block." When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as the highest category 5 hurricane. Footage from Mexico Beach showed widespread destruction, flooding, and debris. Images from the city of Panama City Beach also showed tattered remains of houses, torn roofs and fallen trees. Many people did not follow the warning The meteorologist Dennis Feltgen from the National Hurricane Center said it was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida's Panhandle. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the affected areas. But many did not comply. The National Hurricane Center said there had never been a hurricane recorded in the region. It is therefore an event that is as historic as it is dangerous. As the hurricane weakened to a tropical cyclone as it moved northeast, it remained dangerous. Late Wednesday evening, he moved through the south of the state of Georgia with wind speeds of up to 145 kilometers per hour.
Big, bigger, Soccer World Cup: The most important tournament in the soccer world will be a mega event from 2026. FIFA President Gianni Infantino has pushed his plan through despite opposition from top European clubs. The KURIER answers the most important questions about the world football association FIFA... What was decided by FIFA in Zurich? The field of participants of the World Cup 2026 has been increased to 48 teams. That is an increase of at least 50 percent. The next two World Cups in 2018 and 2022 will take place with 32 participants. Who decided to increase the World Cup? This was decided unanimously by the FIFA Council in a session that lasted only 90 minutes. According to the world association, this "non-executive, supervisory and strategic body" currently has 33 members, each with one vote. FIFA President Gianni Infantino will chair the meeting. Austria is not represented, but countries such as Burundi, Cuba, Papua New Guinea, American Samoa and the Turks and Caicos Islands are. Why was the starting field enlarged? The World Cup increase (albeit only to 40 teams) was a central promise made by Gianni Infantino before his election as FIFA President in February 2016. The Swiss justified this, among other things, with the extreme increase in membership of the world association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211. But of course there are also financial reasons: According to calculations, the World Cup with 48 teams should flush the coffers with an additional 600 million euros. The increase in costs of EUR 300 million due to the increase should be compensated by the higher proceeds from the sale of the TV rights.
The Austrian government wants to expand the relationship between the patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. With the new law, which is to be passed in parliament on Friday, data from state-managed databases will be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, the AMS, land and company register. This also includes the electronic health record, or ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad will have access to the data.
If you google "recipe sunscreen" the search engine spits out over 4 million results. Various do-it-yourself instructions are offered on numerous websites under the keyword "natural sun protection". Most common ingredients are coconut oil. Shea butter, essential oils and carrot seed oil are also among the standard ingredients. The researchers found that the vast majority of self-mixed sunscreens are not effective against the sun's dangerous UV radiation. The research was conducted by researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida. The researchers also found that almost 70 percent of the shared recipes for homemade sunscreens are not suitable as sun protection. The researchers also found that many sunscreen formulations are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens.
For 20 years, Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two neighboring African countries had been fighting each other for two years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the states repeatedly arose. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations between the two countries would be resumed.
Austria's Federal Chancellor Sebastian Kurz will take over the EU Council Presidency on the Planai in Schladming, Austria. The Austrian Prime Minister Sebastian Kurz will be the EU Council President. The Austrian Prime Minister will also be the Austrian Chancellor. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will take over the presidency of the EU from Bulgaria's Prime Minister Boyko Borissow. The Austrian Chancellor will also be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the EU. The Austrian Chancellor will be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union. The Austrian Chancellor will also be the Austrian Chancellor of the European Union.
In the winter months, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Because the vitamin can be produced by the body so that the actual vitamin D can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or at least 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health - numerous studies have shown connections with various diseases such as depression, asthma, cancer or multiple sclerosis. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health. It can be taken as vitamin D3 in the form of drops. The amount and frequency should be discussed with a doctor depending on the severity of the deficiency.
From April 30 to July 1, the route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. This is because of the construction of the U4 tracks. The tracks will be rebuilt and the tracks will be rebuilt. The tracks will be rebuilt and the tracks will be rebuilt. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. Rebuilt tracks will cost 335 million euros. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. Since the tracks are rebuilt, around 100,000 disc chests will be excavated. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. Since the tracks are rebuilt, the tracks will also be rebuilt. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of the Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. Since the tracks are rebuilt, the tracks will be rebuilt. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. Since the tracks are rebuilt, the tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks are rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era. The tracks will be rebuilt from the time of Otto Wagner or the Stadtbahn era.
On Wednesday, the Portuguese football team scored a spectacular 3-0 (1:1) against Hungary. Hungary captain Zoltan Gera scored the goal in the first half of the match, but Ronaldo scored the goal in the second half. Hungary also scored the goal in the third half of the match.
Gary Kurtz died at the age of 78. He was a filmmaker, photographer and musician. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being. He was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor. He was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor whose work and talent spanned film, photography, music and film history. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being.
It was foreseeable that sooner or later this topic would come up. 23 men in a heap, far away from their families, over a period of several weeks - that inevitably entails problems and the potential for conflict. It came as a surprise that on the first day of the Austrian national team's training camp in Laax the question of cooperation and monotony arose in the coming weeks. "I don't think we'll get cabin fever," said Julian Baumgartlinger. The midfielder emphasized the word " Koller " and grinned mischievously at his manager, who sat next to him on the podium. Old joke The Austrian team manager endured this swipe with a smile. The mayor of Flims explained the origin of the region to the Austrian team with the words: "10,000 years ago there was a rock fall here, so many stones fell down, so to speak. Sorry, but this joke had to be now." The subject of cabin fever occupies Marcel Koller and his support team far more than the geological formations in Graubünden. Even if the Austrians made an excursion yesterday to the very famous Rhine Gorge that was created by the said rock fall. New experience For almost everyone in this Austrian national team, it is a completely new experience and challenge to live under the roof of a hotel for a period of one month – even much longer if you are successful – and to peck at each other around the clock.
The writer of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors" is Jürgen Rixgens. In order to overcome this, it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. The writer also advises that the opposite behavior is not recommended. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. The writer advises that employees should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness. The writer also advises that employees should not take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness. Anyone who recognizes the difference between complaining and real criticism and sees the pessimist as a professional skeptic uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to 4 winners on 3 continents on Tuesday. The Nobel Prize is awarded to the poor and disabled people in 3 countries: India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 decades. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a “right to food”, which improved the lives of 400 million people. The Right Livelihood Award Foundation often supports lesser-known fighters for peace, human rights and the environment with the award. Familiar faces have also received the award a few times since 1980.
An 80-year-old Chinese woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said Tuesday. She was arrested at the Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines flight bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was once again inspected by the security forces. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew many comments like: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks has announced that they will open 300 stores in Italy in the next six years. The opening of the first store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of the Lombard city. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities. All previous plans for Starbucks expansion into the coffee stronghold of Italy had come to nothing. The competition from the countless bars and cafes in the country seemed too great. Starbucks currently has more than 22 500 stores in over 70 countries, just not Italy.
The television station "ATV" has rejected the claim that the series "Live PD" serves as a PR product for the police. The radio station "ATV" has been working with the police for 10 years and also maintains the "professional exchange with the various police units". The radio station "ATV" said that the series will not change, even if employees of the Ministry of the Interior might have liked to do it differently. In the event of an attempt by the radio station "ATV", the radio station would stop production. The radio station "ATV" said that "As with all productions, editorial sovereignty lies with ATV," the radio station "ATV" said in a statement on Tuesday. If there are attempts to intervene in the design, the radio station would be stopped. The radio station "ATV" said that they have been working with the police for 10 years and also maintain the "professional exchange with the various police units". The radio station "ATV" said that the radio station "Live PD" is based on real operations and ongoing investigations that are filmed live. The radio station "ATV" stated that "even for "legal reasons of personal protection, an orderly and correct procedure with the police must be observed".
From autumn 2020, the bus route 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The reason for the change is that the district has always spoken out against it. The fact that the shopping street will be converted into a meeting zone and greened to avoid urban heat islands should have changed the district's mind. The entrepreneur Kurt Wilhelm says that he thinks that is a good thing. "I think the encounter zone itself is great, it upgrades the Neubaugasse. But I'm afraid it will be a 13A encounter zone. Especially in the morning, when the bus runs in both directions at 3 to 4 minute intervals."
The German Defense Minister Hans Peter Doskozil has been named the new head of the cabinet. This is the first time in the history of the Armed Forces that a woman has held an absolute top position. The very appointment of the current head of cabinet, Lieutenant General Karl Schmidseder, was a political signal from Doskozil. Back then it was about getting the generals back on board. A civilian worked in the cabinet of his predecessor, Gerald Klug, and the basis for discussion between the political leadership and the generals was severely damaged. The problem no longer exists. The communication between Doskozil and Chief of Staff Othmar Commenda is described as excellent. Schmidseder is now needed to implement the army reform. A mammoth task, because most associations have to be reorganized.
Vox is treating "Kitchen Impossible" to a second season with seven new episodes. Vox will start the new round of the "cook competition" on January 29 at 8:15 p.m. Vox is treating "Kitchen Impossible" to a second season with seven new episodes. In each episode, two of the chefs travel to two different places. There, a local chef will serve you his regulars' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked. Already on Tuesday, Vox had announced its cooking documentary "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves" for Sunday, January 8th. A top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases are the biggest annoyances for consumers. Katrin Mittl-Jobst is an employee of the Austrian Association for Consumer Information. She regularly deals with the complaints on the Internet site www. Verbraucher.at/Lebensmittel-Check. She explains the five biggest annoyances for the consumers: Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside", says Katrin Mittl-Jobst. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers," says Katrin Mittl-Jobst. They are also anything but environmentally friendly." Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: raspberry bars - made from banana When pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside, consumers get upset. A favorite example in this area: Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar. Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar is made from banana flakes. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa are also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, just doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are just as unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was repeatedly cited. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything but from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen – more often than consumers would like – behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can be found on the Inzersdorfer can with the tasty inscription beef goulash, but also on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the packaging and the price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been quietly and secretly reduced.
The Syrian government and several opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. The agreement is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. The opposition Syrian National Coalition (SNC) called on all opposition groups to stick to the agreement. The Free Syrian Army will comply with the agreement, the SNC said. However, it will react to violations by the Syrian army and its allies. Samir Nashar, a member of the Syrian opposition, welcomed the ceasefire. But there must be someone to monitor compliance, he told the German Press Agency.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. "She is united with her family," the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" (Friday) quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook, according to Kathpress. Accordingly, Asia Bibi had moved with her husband to the country where her two daughters were already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country, the newspaper's lawyer said. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
On Friday night, there were 4,310 emergency calls from Munich police. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be about 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be about 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be about 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be about 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene at 6 p.m. and by the end of the evening there will be about 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9.
The German Alliance for Non-Communicable Diseases (DANK) has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products aimed at children. "Such advertising thwarts all efforts to teach children healthy nutrition," says Barbara Bitzer, the spokeswoman and managing director of the German Diabetes Society. "It is unacceptable that all the efforts of parents and educators to promote healthy child nutrition are nullified in this way." The WHO recommends an advertising ban as an effective measure against obesity in children. Several countries already have such laws, such as Norway and Sweden. Barbara Bitzer: "It would be absurd to protect babies from unhealthy food such as sweetened tea, but no longer protect older children." Because the development of nutritional skills only begins after the baby phase.
Because it was her heart's last wish, the Fürth Clinic brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The woman was able to stroke her "Dana" one last time. The hospital published the campaign on the Internet a week ago and received countless positive reactions. Almost 12,000 people have liked the post so far, and several media reported on the campaign. The clinic did not expect such an echo, said the spokesman. Again and again the clinic tries to fulfill a last wish of dying patients. "There are no limits for us. A call doesn't cost anything. You can always ask questions and the person asked can always say 'no'."
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short, serious illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife and, together with their two sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. The Federal President had recently canceled his participation in a presidential meeting in Slovenia and postponed a trip to Liechtenstein because of the "serious illness in the immediate family circle". Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the President's Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all, explains Alice Auersperg from the Messerli Research Institute at the University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna. This makes this Indonesian parrot species ideal objects of study, because the use of a tool is not an innate behavior, but an individual invention of the bird. Auersperg and her colleagues have previously observed one of their cockatoos, named Figaro, spontaneously prying a splinter out of a larch board to push food strewn outside the cage within reach. Now they tested the manual and intellectual abilities of Figaro and 3 other cockatoos with regard to tools in more detail. How the bird gets to the nut They placed bits of cashew on a base in a transparent box. This box had a hole about an inch in diameter through which the birds could use a chopstick to knock the nut off the base, causing the treat to tumble out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts up to 16 days earlier than it did ten years ago. The reason is probably the temperature, which is rising more sharply in the far north than in lower latitudes. The researchers fear that the changes will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
Bill Cosby, the famous comedian and actor, has been sentenced to 10 years in prison. He was convicted of sexual assault. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison in the United States of America. The US Supreme Court in Pennsylvania decided which of the 24 prisons in the state of Cosby will go to. He must serve a sentence of at least 3 and at most ten years in prison. The US Supreme Court is the highest court in the state of Pennsylvania. He also faces a $25,000 fine and court costs. He declined the opportunity to comment conclusively at the trial. He did not respond to questions from reporters after the verdict.
With the end of the summer holidays, the construction sites usually disappear from the streets again. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. The KURIER has the answers to the most important questions and an overview of the cycle paths that are still being built. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves cyclists with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. What will the situation look like after the conversion on the Wienzeile? After the work is completed, two lanes will be available again on Linke Wienzeile. Only the left-turn lane in the Schleifmühlbrücke meeting zone is omitted. A safety strip of up to one meter in length will be erected between the roadway and the cycle path. This creates space for getting in and out. What cycling facilities are currently being built? The new crossing at the Gumpendorfer Gurtel is almost complete. In the course of this work, the road was widened in the adjacent Wallgasse to offer cyclists more space. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path.
WhatsApp has struggled in many countries with the service being used to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, it will only be possible to forward messages to up to 5 people and groups. WhatsApp will be able to send messages to up to 256 people and groups. The new restriction was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. 1,280 users at once Despite the new restriction, a Whatsapp message can spread like wildfire. If you forward a message to 5 groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
In Austria, there are almost 700 wild bee species. They are known in Austria, including the blue carpenter bee and the pale yellow bumblebee and the gray sand bee. On World Bee Day, which the United Nations have set for May 20th, the scientists explain how the Immen relatives are doing. Different life forms "Wild bees need heterogeneous structures in the landscape and a sufficient supply of flowers," says zoologist Robert Brodschneider. Like all insects, bees suffer from intensive farming with the use of pesticides and frequent mowing. The obstruction makes things difficult for the little animals. They like it green, warm and sheltered from the wind. Gardens and parks full of flowers offer good conditions "In the suburbs there is now a higher diversity of wild bees than in the country," says Zimmermann. The parasitic species are particularly endangered nationwide. Wild bees that only give their cuckoo eggs to one host species are naturally more at risk of extinction than bees that are not choosy when it comes to collecting them.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended seven hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences: We are easily irritable and lack concentration. The risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases also increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question in a study that has now been published in the journal Current Biology. And so much in advance: The weekend cannot save what was missed during the week in terms of sleep.
Cat colds can happen at any time of the year. It is widespread and far more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. The veterinarian explains which symptoms bother the patient, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Treatment "The therapy depends primarily on the severity," explains the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. Kittens in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal. The veterinarian explains: "There is a vaccination that primarily protects against the therapeutically difficult triggers of cat colds," says the veterinarian. The veterinarian recommends immunization twice a year for indoor cats. New serums, some of which are administered through the nose, can help patients who are already in poor health. The veterinarian explains: "A tailor-made treatment is important when it comes to preventive care. The vet decides individually what makes the most sense." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles, etc.? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, they will only be allowed to work every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only animals may be used as draft horses.
The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, the Global Strike For Future network said on Monday. According to the organizers, the climate protests, modeled on the Swedish activist Greta Thunberg, are to take place in almost 500 cities around the world in a week and a half. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, according to the Global Strike For Future network.
Peter Matić will never speak again. He was an actor, but he was 82 years old. He will never speak again. He died on Saturday, but he will not speak again. He will not speak again. He will not speak again. He will not speak. He will not speak again. His last roles Peter Matić was a small, sad, smiling sage sage. He played as the landlordler in "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner. He played an Austrian's civil servant threatened with disappearance, whose authority is being tugged at by an annoying wife and weak digestion. And as the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. He was seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper, in Reichenau. He also played numerous film roles. He was not only a celebrated actor, he was liked and loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues." And last but not least, Ben Kingsley loses his voice. Peter Matić had been the multiple Oscar winner's voice actor for decades. And quite a few people felt Matić's voice suited Kingsley better than his own. The artistic connection between Kingsley and Matić provided one of those rare instances where dubbing didn't make the performance any worse - if not better. It is unimaginable, for example, to hear "Schindler's List" in German without Matić's speaking voice. But Peter Matić was also an indispensable part of many radio plays. He was a beloved companion for many people during their days and evenings. His recording of "In Search of Lost Time" was awarded the "Audio Book of the Year" in 2010 and the "Prize of the German Critics" in 2011.
In cities around the world, thousands of people rode the subway without pants on Sunday, March 14. The event was called "No Pants Subway Ride", and in London and New York there were several hundred people taking part. Many people wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. Some wore a tie and no trousers. It's nice to see the reactions of people.
Maria Vassilakou will no longer stand as the top candidate of the Greens in the next Vienna state elections. The deputy mayor and city councilor will not be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the latest then she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou announced that by the time she leaves, all major projects of the legislative period should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed.
The elephants in Vienna Zoo are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest. The elephants are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. Shaka came to Vienna Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, serves to care for their sensitive skin.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. The Austrian national soccer team played against North Macedonia. It was their second win in a row, moved up to third place in Group G and is just one point behind second place held by Israel. The Austrian national soccer team scored 6 points, which was very important. Now it's important to keep at it and confirm our performance. We really want to finish in the top two. Poland is marching ahead, that's to be expected. Second place will remain exciting until the end. We're back in full swing, that was very important to us."
Two rabbits from Austria dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden in the city of Salzburg on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. This is celebrating its international debut with a match on June 22nd. The women's soccer team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". "The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman. We are inspired by the words of the Pope, who repeatedly emphasizes the great social relevance of sport," said Danilo Zennaro, who also supports the men's soccer team.
In Rome, people are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. Police on Tuesday blew away visitors who wanted to rest on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on monuments. Violators face fines of up to 400 euros. Other tourists are also banned from drinking in fountains or going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control. Other Italian cities are also trying to cope with the tourist rush with stricter rules. In May, the city council in Venice decided on strict measures to better protect the UNESCO World Heritage city. Two German tourists recently got a fine of 950 euros because they made coffee at the famous Rialto Bridge.
In the past, the topic of fatty liver was underestimated and even trivialized. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver. The topic of fatty liver is not the only thing on which gastroenterologists and hepatologists are concerned at their annual conference from Thursday.
The explosion in the Baumgarten compressor station of Gas Connect Austria (GCA) on Tuesday morning, investigations continued on Wednesday. Investigations into the cause of the explosion are being carried out by the State Criminal Police Office of Lower Austria, experts and GCA employees. It is unclear how long the investigations will take. No information on the amount of damage to property It is unclear how long the investigations will take. According to the spokeswoman, the section in the natural gas station affected by the explosion has been isolated from other lines. It was also possible to resume gas transit. According to the police, the man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district.
The City of Vienna will set up a new security bollard from Monday, February 10, 2020. The bollard will be built in the Mariahilfer Straße/ Rahlstiege area. In addition, 6 further structural barriers are planned as protection against ramming attacks by trucks. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Straße/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security bollard will be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon.
Shortly after the start of a new ceasefire, gunfire broke out between regime soldiers and rebels in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
Thousands of people in Austria have been confronted with online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is a online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Internet Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud. The Watchlist is an online watchlist for people who are concerned about online fraud.
German-Russian research team has found 13 Bronze Age skulls with surgical skull openings. Anthropologists found 13 such skulls with a hole in the same place in southern Russia. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different methods. The hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most of the patients survived the procedure.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron passed away at the age of 72. He was born in Vienna in 1944. He became famous with songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Sigi Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he had to take long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show" Sigi Maron live:
The testers from the magazine Verbraucher magazine gave the pre-washed mixed leaf salad a bad rating. The pre-washed mixed leaf salads or mixed salads were bought from the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters, stored professionally until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The germs were so high that we can only advise against consumption. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The guideline and the warning values of the German Society for Hygiene and Microbiology were used for the assessment, as there are no limits for the microbiological assessment of packaged salads in Austria.
The label Lacoste has come up with a different kind for the new season. For the first time in 85 years, the French brand has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. The crocodile was originally designed as a tribute to the brand's founder, René Lacoste. The French tennis player was dubbed a crocodile on court for his tenacity. In 1933 he founded his clothing company. The crocodile was the first company logo to appear on a shirt.
In Texas, there are 19 female judges who will be judges in the state of Texas in the future. 17 of them were newly elected at the recent midterm elections. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US midterm elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke won to Republican Ted Cruz in the state. "Black Girl Magic" The all-encompassing triumph of the new district judges, on the other hand, is part of the female triumph at the midterm elections - and is not least due to a broad social media campaign. In it, the women referred to themselves as "Houston 19" and campaigned for votes with the slogan "Black Girl Magic". The success of "Houston 19" is celebrated by many online as a sign of more diversity. The judges themselves also spoke up. "I have worked with many judges over the past 30 years. Many of them were great judges and very experienced. But only a few were women and even fewer were African American," said judge Lori Chamber Gray to Fox 2 6. Along with her colleagues She wants to do more for minorities: "I work a lot in the field of criminal defense and many of my clients are either African American or Hispanic. We can show understanding for people who come from a similar background as ourselves." Judge LaShawn A. Williams was happy about the victory on Facebook: "I never would have dreamed of that!"
In the next few days, EuroPride will be hard to miss in Vienna. There will be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund -Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner. Over 2500 fontanelles are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans. Heat and drought require these drastic steps. With a total length of 425,000 kilometers, the Italian water supply network is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. While EU countries invest around EUR 80 per inhabitant in the water network, it is only EUR 32 in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half of the agricultural land has dried up. The agricultural damage amounts to 2 billion euros.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The UN General Assembly voted by resolution on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such negotiations. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several states that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has published a report called "A Future for the World's Children?" The report states that the health and future of every child and young person worldwide is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and exploitative marketing practices that force children to eat fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco. It is estimated that around 250 million children under the age of 5 in low- and middle-income countries are at risk of not reaching their developmental potential. But even more worrying is that every child worldwide is being impacted by climate change and commercial pressure. According to the report, global warming of more than 4 degrees C by the year 2100 would have devastating health consequences for children. These are due to sea level rise, heat waves, diseases such as malaria and dengue fever, and malnutrition. Children in Norway, the Republic of Korea and the Netherlands have the best chances of survival and development, while those in the Central African Republic, Chad, Somalia, Niger and Mali have the worst chances.
"I'm not staying at home at a time when Europe's old demons are rising again," said Johannes Voggenhuber (68) after List Now boss Maria Stern introduced him as her top candidate for the EU elections. Due to his long political experience, he was "simply the best" in the European Parliament, Stern justified his decision. Voggenhuber explained that he was running not least because the idea of European unity was in danger. They are undermined by the government, who are "exercising their egoism on the backs of Europe". Another new name Voggenhuber made it clear that this was not a conventional candidate. He is running independently, with the support of the Now list. In order to underline this independence in the EU election campaign, Voggenhuber will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. Instead, he is to lead the party of his former party colleague Peter Pilz into the EU Parliament, which he was a member of from 1995 to 2009. After that, Ulrike Lunacek took his place on the list at the federal congress and subsequently the EU mandate.
Hong Kong mourns the death of its oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday. She was 38 years old. Jia Jia was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she had lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three.
Norbert Schnedl is the new leader of the powerful civil servants' union. He was elected with 96.6 percent of votes. He succeeds GÖD veteran Fritz Neugebauer. With his first announcement, Schnedl seems to have fulfilled this expectation. Although he is the head of the Christian Union, he gets applause from the Red Party. This is not surprising, since he is calling for a radical reduction in working hours. More precisely, the 3.5-day week for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. He says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers." In purely arithmetical terms, the reduction to a 3.5-day week – with a normal 8-hour day – would mean 28 hours per week.
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna attracted around 650,000 visitors. Between 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m., nine locations in the city center as well as one each at the Ferris wheel and in Seestadt Aspern were used. After a family program, music, culinary delights and evening entertainment, the festival ended at midnight with fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater.
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. The brand L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it. She said: "The implication of this would be that anyone who shows their hair is just grooming it so they can show it off to others." Although she does not show her hair in public, she can be seen without a headscarf at home with her family. Amena Khan writes: "When I take off my scarf I want my hair to be more shiny - don't we all want that?"
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. Swedish band Mando Diao and the Falco tribute concert will take place there on Saturday. There will also be a Falco tribute concert on Sunday. The Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will also honor the Falco tribute concert. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja will also be performing there on Sunday. Rainhard Fendrich will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The Radio Niederösterreich stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday and Saturday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday, followed by Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab. Slide and fly The supporting program is already in place: As in previous years, there will be a separate island beer. For the first time this year there will be a 70 meter long and 2.5 meter wide water slide. And with a flying fox, visitors can glide over the audience for the first time.
The ORF has revised its TVthek. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. New background color The revised design includes a new background color: black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern: if you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned, with "highlights" and thematic focuses. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites function. The search offers targeted suggestions. New sections New sections are on the one hand the "In Focus" topic page on major current topics, on the other hand the "Last Chance" - here the user is informed of content that will soon have to be removed from the TVthek due to the seven-day rule. There will also be references to the upcoming program with trailers etc.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed, and all animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee, pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Anker wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a broadcast on Tuesday. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. New vegan snack bars developed This branch also sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are planned, according to the company. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000. Sales fell from 82.3 million to 71.9 million.
More and more Austrians are buying security doors for their homes and apartments in Austria in 2015. The number of burglaries in Austria in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, such as broken in via the basement window or the patio door, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is fueled by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that by becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced Just as many people are now buying a weapon or taking a self-defense course, says Kreissl. The criminal sociologist calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
As long as it didn't come out of his mouth in front of the camera, people would not believe it. But the fourth announcement should be the last: "I will resign from office," said Horst Seehofer on the sidelines of an appointment in Görlitz. Shortly before his former rival Markus Söder wanted to present his new cabinet in Munich. Apparently, Seehofer did not want to let his competitor go untroubled by this triumph. A year ago he had to give him the executive chair in the state chancellery, remained party chairman and has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost six months. It is a double burden that is too much for Seehofer. There are topics that didn't really interest him, there were rumors in Berlin. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country sometimes two government crises. Seehofer said that it would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the coalition and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people directly at the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. And instead of commenting on the riots of right-wing extremists in Chemnitz, he let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. And at the same time declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. He held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who attracted attention with controversial statements. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. From then on, some comrades drummed for Seehofer's resignation as minister. According to his statement yesterday, SPD Vice President Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart.
The Association for Consumer Information examined 208 Christmas cookies from the supermarket. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. It was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the traditional recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," explains VKI project manager Birgit Beck. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." "In the end, the only thing that helps consumers who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant died in a helicopter near Los Angeles on Sunday morning. There were no survivors on board. The helicopter crashed in the fog on Sunday morning and burst into flames, the Los Angeles Times had previously reported. In the evening it was confirmed: On board the helicopter was Kobe Bryant and his 13-year-old daughter Gianna, who also played basketball. The fifth fatality was the pilot. The former LA Lakers player is considered one of the greatest basketball players in sports history. Kobe Bryant played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He has been named to each season's NBA All-Star team continuously since 1998 and won the 2008 MVP award for the NBA's most valuable regular-season player. He won five NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Asfinag's section control systems have become an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction project. On the Ostautobahn near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer construction site section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked: "It flows directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible.
The US Democratic Party of the United States of America has elected civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez as their new party leader on Saturday. The 55-year-old, who actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council Presidency pardoned twelve prisoners. 11 men and one woman will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The annual Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President. Since there is currently no formal one, because Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been taken over by National Council President Doris Bures. The Christmas amnesty has a long tradition in Austria, which should not be interrupted in this special year. With the decision, the National Council Presidency followed the proposal of the Minister of Justice. Prisoners who have been imprisoned for less than 5 years are eligible for a pardon. At least one third of the sentence must have already been served and the remainder of the sentence must not exceed 18 months.
Because 75,700 new nursing staff will be needed in Austria by 2030, there is a risk of a nursing shortage. For this purpose, Caritas is promoting 18 training centers for nursing and social professions. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria.
Novak Djokovic won the final of the Wimbledon tennis tournament. It was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of Djokovic, who was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, the champion of the year 2001. It is his fifth Grand Slam victory - he caught up with Björn Borg, only Federer (eight) and Pete Sampras (seven) were more successful in the professional era (since 1968) at Wimbledon. The fans were over the moon and kept cheering on Federer. The Swiss then had two match balls on his own serve. Djokovic was wide awake during these phases. And managed the re-break. So no end after all. And there was a tie-break at 12:12 - this regulation has been in place since this year, as if you had guessed it. In this, Djokovic, who received the equivalent of 2.63 million euros for the title, showed himself to have stronger nerves. He remains clearly ahead in the ranking, Federer could only have overtaken Rafael Nadal with a title.
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl (FPÖ) passed a decree. The APA department announced that the necessary training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, the task force to combat street crime (EGS), selected members of the police detention centers (PAZ) and a few members of the Upper Austria standby unit have been authorized to work.
The Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) has to recall the wooden roller coaster with three roller-coasters. It is a wooden roller-coaster with a wooden runway. The roller-coaster can become detached from the roller-coaster. The roller-coaster has been recalled since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own this product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. Further information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out again, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
Even before the parliamentary vote on a general ban on glyphosate, the University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-containing plant protection products. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. Christoph Freund, the current Bundesliga leader of Austria, has signed a new contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally."
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in his homeland. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war, he said on Sunday. More than 260,000 people killed The FARC took up arms in 1964 in a fight against landlords and the government. In addition to the army, other left-wing guerrilla groups, right-wing paramilitaries and the drug mafia were also involved in the conflict. In total, more than 260,000 people were killed in the violent conflict that lasted more than half a century.
In Austria, the first Harry Potter fan event was held in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the stars of the films. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, is the third president in the United States to face impeachment in the Senate. Under the US Constitution, 67 of the 100 senators in an impeachment trial must find the president guilty of at least one of the charges in order to remove him from office. Given the current majority in the Senate, at least 20 Republicans would have had to side with the Democrats to impeach Trump.
On January 25th, the FPÖ organized the "Alkadererball" in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the event on January 25th in the Hofburg in Vienna. The FPÖ organized the event last December. The FPÖ organized the event in order to once again send a clear signal against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism after the large-scale demonstration last December. Käthe Lichtner from the offensive against the right said: "The creme de la creme of Austrian culture meets at the Akademikerball and international right-wing extremism". As in the previous year, the protests should not only be directed against the Akademikerball itself, but also against the black-blue government of the rich and corporations.
The world's largest coral reef, the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia, may be in more danger than previously thought. Current aerial photographs show that 1,500 kilometers of the Great Barrier Reef have already been affected by what is known as coral bleaching. The scientists warned that there was "hardly any chance of recovery". How the reef could be saved The most severe recent damage, according to the scientists, affects the central part of the Great Barrier Reef. In the past year, coral sticks in particular in the north of the 2,300-kilometer-long reef have bleached out. Only in the south are the sticks still intact.
The Vienna Animal Welfare Association warns that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association warn that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. The animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early.
In two minutes, not only in two days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was quoted as saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
On the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador, there are some giant tortoises. They are called Fernandina giant tortoises because of their exclusive occurrence on that Galapagos island. The last giant tortoise was last detected in 1906. There were no clear signs of life after that, it was feared that the giant tortoises had become extinct. Scientists assumed that volcanic eruptions wiped out the giant tortoises. However, individual finds of feces, bite marks and footprints as well as unconfirmed sightings led the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to suspect that there might still be some giant tortoises.
The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up to third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday. It was already 1-0 in the 7th minute after a dream move. Silva played deep to Fàbregas, who put it back to Morata. What looked easy was actually high skill. It was the third EM goal for the 23-year-old. This is not the only reason why Morata is currently on everyone's lips. The forward on loan to Juventus belongs to Real and the Spaniards can and want to bring him back for €30m by June 30. But he should not play in Madrid, but be resold at a high price. Chelsea and Arsenal are interested. Lens scene In the north of France, the previously pointless and goalless Turks finally arrived in the tournament. Turkey took the lead in the tenth minute after a quick combination down the right by Burak Yilmaz. Due to the goal, the Czechs were suddenly only fourth in the group, so they were under even more pressure and challenged.
In Carinthia, the Carinthia Chamber of Labor reports an attempt by a restaurateur to have their staff volunteer to work 12 hours a day and up to 60 hours a week in the employment contract. Otherwise she probably wouldn't have gotten the job, which the AK describes as "unsurpassable cynicism". This is a voluntary act forced by fear of a job. "Tip of the iceberg" This is also where the political dispute comes in, because government representatives have promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. The SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein (FPÖ) makes it clear that the government is not thinking about repairing the Working Hours Act, which has only been in force since September. It's only about individual black sheep who should be "strictly punished". Hartinger-Klein again promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified. Because: “Is it still voluntary if you have voluntarily agreed that it is in the roster? Because the second it's in the roster, it's actually no longer voluntary.”
Mark Rutte, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, has introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. Rutte said that it is about higher interests in the country. After Norway and Cyprus, the Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new limit is well received by the Dutch people.
Botanically speaking, the chestnut, also known as the sweet chestnut, is a nut. The starchy chestnuts, which are actually a special further breeding of chestnuts, are traditionally eaten in autumn and the winter months. Depending on the variety and cultivation, chestnuts are harvested between September and December. A look at the ingredients shows that they all have what it takes to become a healthy snack. What the chestnuts can do for you:
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to the top security level. For this purpose, six of the most modern fire-fighting vehicles will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding.
In Vienna, a class of 4 students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tells the KURIER. The same incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten these days. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. In principle, however, the problem is everywhere where there are oaks, says Vienna's forest director Andreas Januskovecz. It is best to stay away from oak trees where the caterpillars gather. In the nature reserve, one is limited to providing information about the risk. It is best to stay away from oak trees where the caterpillars gather. By the way, even when the oak processionary moths have already turned into butterflies. The poisonous hairs then fall from the oak trees to the ground.
On the Greek island of Kos, the earthquake has killed 2 people and caused panic among the residents of the Aegean island. The Greek state broadcaster spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake. Buildings showed cracks or even collapsed in some cases. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured according to initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of the city. At the time of the earthquake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar had collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses said that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore.
For Natascha's parents it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of Natascha will start next Saturday.
In 2015, 23.5 million bottles of sparkling wine were emptied in Austria, significantly fewer than in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the market to collapse by 20 percent. The finance minister in 2015 brought in 15 million euros. The corks only popped at the Frizzante and Prosecco manufacturers, who are exempt from the tax and thus have a competitive advantage. They had sales increases in the double-digit percentage range. In the previous year alone, 14 million bottles of frizzante were sold in Austria, plus 1.4 million bottles of champagne.
Finland is a proud country in motorsport. Finland is a proud country in the world of motorsport. The Finnish journalist from Finland is Valtteri Bottas. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of the Mercedes team. But now he has to deliver. And right away. He has the right company car for it. The new Mercedes Silver Arrow is one of the best of the year even after the rule reform. Bottas frees himself from the pressure with a not untypical wussiness of the Finns: "The good thing about racing is that one thing never changes: It's about getting absolutely everything out of the car." Nevertheless, he looks a little pale during the first important days of work as one of the most important Mercedes employees. Which is not (only) due to his Nordic complexion. Bottas does not possess that cool and iconic attitude of teammate Hamilton, nor the sophisticated but down-to-earth demeanor of his predecessor Rosberg. He is more in the spotlight," said Bottas, surrounded by cameras and reporters after his first race. "People will notice and evaluate every action I take." Probably also Rosberg himself, who insisted on stopping by the test drives on Wednesday. Look who's popped in for a chat! Hey @nico_rosberg???? Nice to see you back in the garage #F1 #F1Testing pic.twitter.com/fGlO3uhyFz — Mercedes-AMG F1 (@MercedesAMGF1) March 1, 2017 Valtteri Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of the Mercedes team. But now he has to deliver. The Finnish journalist from Finland is Valtteri Bottas. He rushes back and forth between the team quarters of the two factory teams every ten minutes. Just don't miss a Bottas-Sager. The taciturn Räikkönen is more about the atmosphere. "Kimi is the hero of Finland because he is so different from everyone else. Finns love that." Exciting task Finland is a proud country in motorsport. Finland is a proud motorsport country (see article below right) and Valtteri Bottas, 27, became a star almost overnight. At Mercedes, on the one hand, he should replace the surprisingly retired world champion Nico Rosberg and, on the other hand, stand up to the exceptional Lewis Hamilton. There are simpler tasks in motorsport, but currently hardly any more attractive ones. The Finnish journalist from Finland says, "I made it clear to them that I would win races and championships if they gave me the cockpit," says Bottas about the negotiations with Mercedes. Self-confidence and self-protection go hand in Formula 1. In any case, the Finn's services were worth twenty million euros to Williams for the world champion team from Stuttgart. Bottas now has to deliver. He has to deliver. And right away. He has the right car for it.
In 1965, researchers in the United States did an experiment. They contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap. They had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The researchers concluded that the amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. In 1988, a soap manufacturer commissioned a similar study. For the survey, 16 sample ends were allowed to wash their hands and then the degree of bacterial contamination on the hands was determined. Again, no bacteria could be detected after hand washing. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary, they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their hot baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold weather.