The musical "Journey around the World" will be performed next Saturday, October 1st in the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. The musical is based on the novel "Journey around the World", by Jules Vernes. The musical will be performed at the Musiktheater am Volksgarten in Linz. When the artistic director of the Landestheater Linz, Matthias Davids, met the composer Gisle Kverndokk and the librettist Øystein Wiik in Oslo in June 2014, it quickly became clear that this musical should be special. The idea was quickly found: it should not only be a trip around the world, but also through the opera and operetta literature. Jules Verne's hero Phileas Fogg meets operatic emotions. With his servant Passepartout he ends up in Paris at a party of the Merry Widow Hanna Glawari. In Rome Tosca falls into his arms, in Beijing Turandot wants to have his head beheaded and he only manages to get back to England across the Atlantic with the help of the Flying Dutchman. "Opera fans will recognize plenty of references, and for those unfamiliar with it, simply experience an exciting adventure story in the form of a special musical," promises composer Gisle Kverndokk. Hans Kudlich's stage provided some special surprises at this premiere: the disc with a 25 percent incline posed a challenge for choreographer Simon Eichenberger. "The first rehearsals were pure mountaineering and sliding". Of course, this special feature is physically demanding for the ensemble, but we will manage to make everything look very easy. The newly adapted "Journey around the World" is to be action-packed, multimedia-based, technically challenging in terms of costumes and above all entertaining in terms of music and content. The voltage increases. INFO: 4th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 11th, 16th, 19th, 21st, 25th, 26th October, 6th, 10th, 17th, 24th November, 15th, Dec. 28 and further performances until June 2017, ticket phone: ☎ 0800/218 000, www.landestheater-linz.at
The Upper Austrian Helmut Gragger will open a social bakery in Vienna next week. In the bakery with café, people find a job who need special support due to their fate - be it flight or unemployment. The idea for founding the social bakery came in the course of the refugee crisis in 2015: "The nice thing is that every culture has its own bread culture. The Syrian baker should then bake flatbread here. Repatriations should also be an issue for us: Here refugees can learn a trade that they can then practice again at home," says Helmut Gragger in an interview with KURIER. Social enterprise: buying bread and doing good At that time, the 48-year-old also met his current business partner, Christoph Chorherr. The ex-mandate of the Greens is being investigated in connection with donations for a charitable association and land dedications. On Monday, the Vienna City Council will start a commission of inquiry into the cause.
It was a tough exchange of blows, just as Donald Trump is known to appreciate. At his meeting in the White House, Sebastian Kurz experienced the US President "exactly as one has always heard about him. He is very clear and tough on issues that seem important to him". For businessman and dealmaker Donald Trump, these topics are primarily business-related. And the US President sees the United States being cheated by the rules of the game in trade. This is exactly what the Austrian Chancellor was told during the talks in the White House. Trevor Traina, the US Ambassador to Austria, described his impression of the tough but open negotiations in the White House that Trump had made. Traina, who was instrumental in bringing about the short visit, said that the Austrian Chancellor is an interesting and potentially important role for the US President in the current crisis between the US and Europe.
Worms are very dangerous for dogs and cats. They can live up to 7 years and release the larvae again and again. If the infestation is weak, the disease sometimes runs its course without symptoms. In the event of severe damage, the dog suffers from a drop in performance, weight loss, coughing and shortness of breath. The therapy can be difficult and the patient can hardly be saved. Protective measures Dogs that are allowed outside should be dewormed regularly. In addition, the veterinarian advises: "There is no vaccination against worms, but there are effective repellents that keep mosquitoes away - as a spot on or as a collar." Problems with the cat, worries about the dog, questions about parakeets, turtles and co? Write to: tiercoach@kurier.at
A rescue operation involving a 45-year-old German mountaineer has been taking place in the Dachstein area in Upper Austria since Thursday midnight. The German mountaineer is said to have been trapped there in a crevice around 30 meters deep since last Saturday. The German's son reported his father missing to the police on Monday. The man's rental car was found in Gosau, Gmunden district. Initial searches on the mountain were unsuccessful. Then, at midnight, the police in Gmunden received his choppy emergency call. However, the message was incomprehensible and interrupted. An official finally managed to contact the accident victim via SMS. The accident victim said he had been in a crevice for days and was injured. Shortly thereafter, 20 mountain rescuers and alpine police officers set out for the suspected accident area at the Adamek hut at 2,200 meters above sea level. Around 4 a.m., the rescuers actually found the man in a doline into which he had fallen about 30 meters. The helpers should have already pulled the man who was responsive out of the crevice. If daylight permits, the injured person will be flown to the hospital by helicopter.
The King is now directing traffic in Friedberg. For a week now, the face of Elvis Presley has adorned three traffic lights in the city where he was stationed as a soldier in the 1950s. The red signal light shows him standing at the microphone, the green is his legendary hip movement. "Elvis, the Pelvis" has not yet paralyzed the traffic, regional media reports. What is probably the most famous traffic light man to date comes at the right time, namely exactly 150 years after the head of Scotland Yard set up the world's first traffic light in front of Parliament in London. Although there were no cars at that time, there were carriages that took MPs to their workplaces. Engineer John Peake Knight had the idea of bringing signals from rail traffic onto the road so that they could move faster. His traffic light imitated a police officer: If the arms were pointing up, riders and carriages had to stop. The journey was free.
Martin Gruber is the new party chairman of the Carinthian ÖVP. He was elected in the board meeting with only one dissenting vote. He will then be finally chosen at a state party conference. He earned his first spurs in the state government as a personal advisor to the former ÖVP chairman Josef Martinz. In 2009, at the age of 25, he was elected mayor of the community in Kappel am Krappfeld in the St. Veit / Glan district.
Hannah is 14 years old. She resides in the German town of Pinneberg. She has Down syndrome. The latter is the reason why a so-called severely handicapped ID card was issued in her name. The girl cannot identify with that. That's why the 14-year-old made her own new ID card that does her justice. She's being celebrated for that. Severely handicapped pass, but why? Ten years ago, the girl noticed that she didn't really know what to do with the ID document. When she went to a swimming pool with her family, her parents showed their ID. Hannah asked her parents why she had such an ID and others didn't. In an interview with ze.tt, her father, Kai Bruhn, recalled that she felt marginalized by the ID card. With the ID card, people are entitled to benefits, among other things. For Hannah, however, the ID only underlined her supposed difference. This is how her wish arose to give the document a different name. The teenager wrote an article about her project for her school newspaper. In it she writes: "I would like my ID card to be renamed. I would like it to be called the heavy-in-order ID card. I think the severely handicapped ID card is not the right name for my ID card."
The "Swedish Schindler" Raoul Wallenberg became famous in the past few decades. He worked as secretary of the Swedish embassy in Budapest. He saved thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust during World War II. In 1945 Wallenberg was taken prisoner by the Soviets and has been missing ever since. Sweden has now officially declared him dead. The Swedish tax authorities chose July 31, 1952 as the date.
Inventory: men die 4.4 years earlier According to the world health statistics, men have an average life expectancy of 4.4 years less. There is a gap of 18.1 years between the richest and poorest countries for both sexes. There is also progress worldwide: Between the years 2000 and 2016, general life expectancy increased by 5.5 years – from 66.5 to 72 years. Similarly, the average lifetime that people live in good health increased from 58.5 years to 63.3 years. But: women have an average of 64.8 healthy life years ahead of them at birth, men only 62 years. Not only do they live longer, they also stay healthy longer.
In the run-up to Christmas, the Austrian customs administration records a significant increase in seizures of counterfeit products. Experts say that many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits. Counterfeit socks Counterfeit socks, underpants, bags, belts and leggings that were supposed to be sold at various Christmas markets have now been taken out of circulation at Vienna-Schwechat Airport. "Especially this big attack makes it clear that product piracy should not be downplayed as a trivial offense," says Gerhard Marosi from the Federal Ministry of Finance. Danger to health According to the Austrian customs administration, many of these products can pose a serious threat to health. Allergies from cheap, toxic dyes in counterfeit textiles, eye damage from counterfeit sunglasses without UV protection, skin burns from counterfeit body care products are just examples of the sometimes serious threats posed by counterfeits.
Last week, the panda twins Fu Feng and Fu Ban left their hiding place in the tree hole and explored the indoor enclosure. Now many visitors want to see the young animals in person. Among those waiting in front of the panda bear house on Monday morning was three-year-old Flora Fuchshuber with her brother Moritz. The three are often in Vienna's Tiergarten. The panda bears are always the first animals to be visited. "I already thought that something would be going on, but I didn't expect such a snake," says Flora. But they are happy to accept the waiting time, because "the pandas are simply cool," says Flora. Even if - like today - unfortunately only the panda mom can be seen eating bamboo. Premiere The Brit Penny Robinson is in any case very enthusiastic. She came to the zoo with her daughter Charlotte and her two-year-old granddaughter Marielou and today saw a panda for the first time in her life. "It was unbelievable," agrees her husband Graeme. Pierre from France saw the black and white bears for the first time this Monday morning. He is on a city holiday in Vienna with his girlfriend. After the New Year, the Schönbrunn Zoo is now being explored, and the pandas couldn't be missing. Christine Buberl is one of the lucky few who has seen the baby animals. She is delighted with the little ones: "The pandas are a very special highlight, especially since twin births are rare," says Christine. Together with her grandchildren Alma and Theo, she is queuing for the second time because: "Up until now I've only seen pandas on TV," says Theo.
The 50th birthday is a turning point for many people: half a century, the middle of life is reached. Professionally, the fifties herald the third third of your career. For many, a reason to change again. Be it to prove yourself in a top management position or to find yourself by moving to a non-profit organization. Still others fall victim to a restructuring in their company and have no choice but to change fields. Career coach and qualified psychologist Hans-Georg Willmann wants to offer you all orientation with his new book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann is the author of the book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many people over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. On the other hand, over 50-year-olds often encounter concerns from employers: too expensive, not very resilient or often ill, inflexible and not willing to learn. Employers often argue with costs. If you can hire a boy who is a third cheaper than an employee with 30 years of experience, the decision is easy. As an older person, I can consider whether I would like to make some financial concessions. The house is paid off, the children are independent. In my new job, I may no longer have to earn 80,000 euros a year, but I can use my skills in a meaningful way. If the employer has the prejudice that you are no longer as capable of learning, you should register for further training as soon as possible. This signals a willingness to learn. Are you rarely sick? Put that on your resume. What distinguishes over 50-year-olds on the labor market from younger job changers? The qualifications of many of today's 50-year-olds, who were well-trained specialists at the beginning of their careers, have often not been able to keep up with rapid digital progress. That is why continuing education is so important to them. Those over 50 who invest in cross-industry skills score particularly well here: foreign languages, IT or key skills such as project or process management or scrum masters. Hans-Georg Willmann is the author of the book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market". Hans-Georg Willmann : On the one hand, working people aged 50 have good opportunities today. Because many workers over 60 are currently going into (early) retirement, there is an acute shortage of skilled workers. At the same time, digitization offers new opportunities, including for the self-employed. Hans-Georg Willmann is the author of the book "Get started at 50 plus - how to use your chances on the job market".
In Burgenland, the Red Cross First Responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must also have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them. The Red Cross First Responders are usually the first to respond in emergencies and can save lives. Andreas Gruber works for the Red Cross in Güssing since 2004. Gruber has been active as a first responder in the Güttenbach area since 2011. "When I'm at home, on the weekends, in the morning or in the evening, there's no question for me: if fellow citizens are in need, I drop everything and drive off," says Gruber, who works on a voluntary basis. Around 2,500 times a year, the Red Cross First Responders are called out to be on site quickly in emergencies. 250 volunteers are trained to provide first aid quickly. They must have at least paramedic training and always have special equipment with them.
On Tuesdays and Wednesdays, people who don't want to live as hermits come to Einsiedlerplatz to speak, listen and learn foreign languages. On the 3 tables in the first room are cards with the inscriptions in English, French and Italian. Today, German is spoken at the seven tables in the second room. Meeting Zone The 24-year-old woman from Nepal says that she would like to work as a nurse in Vienna. "But first I have to improve my German skills." Your seat neighbor, a Kurd, fled from Syria and now works in a factory in Floridsdorf. He says he's happy about the work. Why does he speak German so well? "I knew I had to learn the language quickly if I wanted to stay in Vienna." The woman engineer from Tajikistan, who speaks fluent Persian and Russian, admires him: "I have big problems with the German language." Project manager Barbara Niklas carefully observes the colorful jumble of languages. A good 100 people came today too: employees, workers, pupils, students, academics, pensioners - from many countries. Talking brings people together: "It's really great what's developing here." The Vienna station organized the first "Mama Learns German" courses 15 years ago. Today they are available in cooperation with municipal kindergartens throughout Vienna. The language café was set up 3 years ago. "Because course participants complained to us that they learned German but didn't know anyone with whom they could speak German," explains Niklas. The association does not want to make money with the café, which offers a living room atmosphere. That's why entry is free and there's no obligation to eat the cake. The cake is affordable at 1 euro each. About country and people. "Often it's also about food for us, because everyone can have a say." The feeling with which Elisabeth Smejkal goes home at the end is also nice: "I used my free time wisely. And I was able to help other people to find their way around better in a foreign environment."
On Wednesday, the panda twins in Schönbrunn Zoo will be one month old. The twins are already a mother of 5. They are still unknown. With the still unnamed twins, there are now female offspring for the first time. In the bamboo nest According to Schönbrunn Zoo, the twins continue to develop well. The little ones have big milk bellies and are getting more and more fur. They no longer have to be warmed by their mother around the clock. They can sleep next to Yang Yang in the bamboo nest and stay alone for a short time when she leaves the whelping box to eat. Video Schönbrunn Zoo also has its own YouTube channel. At birth, the twins were around ten centimeters tall and weighed around 100 grams. Both now weigh about 1 kilogram and are estimated to be 35 centimeters long from the tip of the nose to the tip of the tail. There are no exact dates yet, because the animal keepers are still only observing the animals in the whelping box. They see that mother Yang Yang is caring for both of them and can already tell the twins apart.
On August 9, a 41-year-old driver from the Amstetten district has let a ten-year-old drive his truck on the A1 in Upper Austria. The 38-year-old is said to have filmed the drive from the passenger seat with his mobile phone. The boy would not have been able to operate the brake due to his height, the Lower Austrian police said on Monday. The father filed a complaint. The incident on the Vienna carriageway near Sattledt (Wels-Land district) had already occurred on March 25 shortly before 2 a.m., the 41-year-old driver from the Amstetten district only informed the police in the district capital on August 9. The 38-year-old is therefore an acquaintance of the father. The chauffeur is said to have asked the ten-year-old to drive the truck and trailer. The man is accused of endangering physical safety and negligent endangerment of the community. He was reported to the public prosecutor's office in St. Pölten and the responsible district administration authority.
Cassius Clay was a great amateur boxer. His fight record, including the Olympic fights in Rome, was for the eighteen-year-old: 141 fights, 128 wins (including 38 by knockout), 6 draws and 7 defeats. He won six Golden Gloves titles, won the United States light-heavyweight and heavyweight titles, and qualified for the 1960 Rome Olympics. At the Olympics, Cassius Clay knocked out the Belgian Becaus in the second round of the first fight.
On Thursday, the National Council voted on the new social security system. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act was only passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act was passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November. The Social Security Act is a law passed by the National Council in November.
It doesn't matter whether you're on a cross trainer, a bicycle ergometer or a weight bench: the body reacts to exercise by sweating. The more intense the training, the more moisture is secreted by the sweat glands. Although modern functional underwear can prevent the formation of unpleasant odours, washing is unavoidable. But does the sportswear really have to go into the drum after each workout? "It depends," says environmentalist Lisa Ackerley of Britain's Royal Society for Public Health. Accordingly, cleaning can be delayed a little if the sporting session was not too sweaty. "Unless you've really worked up a sweat and been gossiping more, your gear can last a few visits to the gym," she explains in an op-ed for Britain's Guardian. "However, if you train hard, things need to be washed every time."
The Austrian government passed several laws in the National Council of Ministers on Wednesday, which are to be passed in the National Council in 2018. Some of the laws are highly controversial, including a ban on extremist symbols, a new ban on weapons, a ban on knives for foreigners and, above all, the highly controversial Site Development Act, which accelerates environmental impact assessments (EIA) and thus construction projects. This is intended to enable faster procedures as soon as a project has been classified as "location-relevant" and "in the public interest". This procedure precedes the EIA. If it is decided within a maximum of 6 months that a project is relevant to the location, then after a further 6 months the EIA must be clear as to whether the project can be approved. This means that after twelve months it is clear whether a project can be approved in principle and after 18 months there must be approval or rejection - in the first instance. Economics Minister Margarete Schramböck (ÖVP) says that the automatism that a construction project can be started after 18 months without a permit has been eliminated. The opposition and environmentalists had sharply criticized the initially planned law. "No rights will be curtailed," Schramböck promised at the Council of Ministers on Wednesday. However, environmental organizations are also critical of the amended law. Global 2000 believes that ending the EIA in the first instance by setting a deadline is not a solution to fundamental legal problems. The goal of the government is that environmental assessments are gradually eroded and critical large-scale projects are pushed through.
There are currently twelve refugee contact officers in Vienna. They are the direct contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. The refugee contact officers are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. The refugee contact officers are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters. The refugee contact officers are on hand when fights break out among the residents, caregivers are threatened or suspicious people are standing in front of the house. The refugee contact officers are on hand when fights break out among the residents, caregivers are threatened or suspicious people are standing in front of the house. The refugee contact officers are the contacts for the supervisors, social workers and interpreters in the asylum quarters.
Numerous home remedies are recommended for migraine pain. However, only a few have actually been tested. A recent Brazilian study has confirmed the pain-relieving effect of ginger as a supplement to acute migraine treatment. The study took place in the emergency room of a hospital. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The patients and treating physicians did not know whether the supplement to therapy they were given contained ginger or whether it was a placebo. The treatment group received 400 milligrams of ginger extract, the control group a placebo. Both also received an intravenous pain reliever to treat the migraine. The patients then filled out a headache diary after half an hour, after one hour, and after 1 and a half and 2 hours. The intensity of pain, the functionality of the affected person, migraine symptoms and satisfaction with the treatment were recorded. What did the additional treatment bring? Patients who received the ginger extract responded significantly better to the treatment - the difference to the placebo was measurable after 1, 1.5 and 2 hours.
On September 22, the Viennese tourist guides invite you to a tour of the monuments in Vienna. The meeting point for the free tour is at the Schiller monument in the city. On September 29th, the Federal Monuments Office will open their doors. If you want to look at several objects in the course of a walk, you have to put them together yourself. Info: All open monuments can be found here. Admission is free. Vienna on foot The Viennese recommend their favorite walking routes: from Schwedenplatz to the main train station, along the Liesingbach or from the Otto Wagner Church to the main library. Info: www.wienzufuss.at Secret Vienna "The Secrets of the Fiacre", "The Weana G'miat" or "The Haunted Habsburgs" are the names of the tours offered by the Viennese tourist guides at Secret Vienna. There are classic and spooky tours to choose from.
Judges, civil servants and employees will be forced to cut their positions in the judiciary. Judges are the people who make decisions for the government. Judges are the people who make decisions for the government. The judges are the people who make decisions for the government. The judges are the people who make decisions for the government. They are the people who make decisions for the government. The judges are the people who make decisions for the government. The judges are the people who make decisions for the government. The judges are the people who make decisions for the government. They are the people who make decisions for the government. The judges are the people who make decisions for the government.
The later the hour, the more tasteless the verbal gaffes on social media seem to be. Shortly after midnight, Efgani typed the sexist message that has now cost him his turquoise political career. A few months ago, FPÖ Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian also posted the same sexist message. On Shrove Tuesday at 0.26 a.m. Strache put a photo montage with ORF anchorman Armin Wolf online on Facebook, alongside the following text: “There is a place where lies become news. That's the ORF.” The joke went haywire. Wolf threatened the FPÖ leader with a lawsuit. Strache apologized to the ORF employees via an advertisement, which the ORF moderator donated.
The kindergarten in Neuberg, district of Güssing, is orphaned. The children from Neuberg and Güttenbach are currently playing in Güttenbach. The children from Güttenbach are on the trampoline, some are sliding, splashing about and painting. "We were open all of July and also looked after the children from Neuberg," explains Hilde Jandrisevits, the Güttenbach kindergarten manager. "It wouldn't have worked any other way for us," says Desiree Schuch from Neuberg. Her 2 children are in kindergarten in Güttenbach. She and her husband could only take two weeks vacation. "If we didn't have childcare for 4 weeks, we wouldn't be able to go on vacation together," says the young mother. Cooperation Mayors Leo Radakovits from Neuberg and Thomas Novoszel from Güttenbach, both ÖVP, started planning at the beginning of the year. "Our kindergartens are only two kilometers away as the crow flies," says Novoszel. So the cooperation is a logical step. The educators of the two communities have coordinated. The employees in Neuberg had vacation in July, but the Güttenbacher have their vacation in August. "So we only have one week without care and there are no additional costs for the parents or the communities," says Radakovits.
Women who are physically fit in middle age reduce their risk of developing dementia by 90 percent. This is the result of a study from the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, which has been published in the online edition of the journal Neurology. If physically very fit women developed dementia, it was on average 11 years later than women with only moderate fitness. The study was evaluated from 191 women who had already done an ergometer test 44 years ago. There were only 5 percent of very fit women, 25 percent of those of average fitness and 32 percent of those of low fitness.
One of the largest ice-bergs ever recorded could soon form in Antarctica. According to British researchers, the colossus will probably detach itself from the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica. The scientists discovered an enormous crack in the ice there for a long time. The crack is probably 160 kilometers long and 300 to 500 meters deep. The crack is not caused by climate change, but it could be caused by an increase in the temperature. Experts refer to floating ice masses that are connected to glaciers and ice streams as ice shelves. The Larsen Ice Shelf consists of 4 distinct areas, of which Larsen C is the largest. According to the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, which also conducts research in polar regions, the ice shelves A and B disintegrated a few years ago.
If the consumer doesn't come to the cow, the cow must come to the consumer. The world's first farm on water recently opened in Rotterdam, Holland. But that's not all: The cowshed was designed with the greatest possible transparency so that the consumer can see at close range how the milk is processed. The 32 cows live in spacious cubicles. Milking robots, stall cleaning robots and automatic feeding belts can be seen from the outside. There are solar panels on the roof of the cowshed, and rainwater is collected and cleaned there. The dairy products can be bought on the floating farm itself or soon in nearby Lidl branches.
Aperol, the new favorite drink of New Yorkers, sounds a bit harder to get used to. Some people are already talking about the "new Kombucha" because the soft drink made from ginger water, apple cider vinegar, honey and lemon juice is said to have a positive effect on the immune system. On hot days, thanks to the cooling fresh spiciness of the ginger, it is certainly more cooling than many soft drinks.
1. Breathe in deeply and breathe out through your nose. Take at least 3 deep breaths. An insult has the effect that we hold our breaths. By continuing to breathe calmly, you signal to your body that everything is okay. And you should consciously adopt an upright posture after a verbal attack, so that you no longer feel so small and also literally show size. 2. Thought Correction When you are emotionally hurt, remember that it is just someone else's opinion. How the person reacts depends on their mood, their life situation and history. If you keep your distance from the person, that can change your perspective on what is being said. One should also check in one's mind whether the person really means what is being said. If you are unsure, it is best to ask. 3. Strengthen self-esteem The best protection against psychological injuries is an intact sense of self-esteem. The stronger the self-esteem, the less we take the attacks of others too personally. If you know your trigger points, where you are particularly vulnerable, you protect yourself by not being able to get to attacks in the first place. When you believe you're lovable, you don't attribute the hurtful words of another to yourself, but simply acknowledge them as cheekiness, bad behavior, or aggressive behavior.
Shiitake has been known in Japan and China for centuries, also because it grows wild there and is valued in traditional Chinese medicine for its ingredients. It is said to help with inflammation, headaches, dizziness and stomach problems. Even small amounts are said to help against high blood pressure and lower high cholesterol levels. The shiitake mushroom is also very popular in Europe because of its taste. Shiitake mushrooms have good protein content, but at the same time very few calories and no fat. 100 grams of shiitake mushrooms contain around 2.2 grams of protein and can therefore be a good source of protein, especially for vegans. 100 grams also cover 40 percent of the daily requirement of vitamin B5, which is important for hormones, nerves and energy metabolism. Vitamin C and vitamin B12 are also included. The shiitake supports a beautiful skin and strengthens the hair.
According to the "Expat City Ranking 2018", Austria is the unfriendliest city in the world for expats. The city is located in Vienna, Austria. It is the second most unfriendly city in the world after Riyadh, Stockholm and Stuttgart. Vienna is in the middle with 34th place out of 72. The reason for the poor results in terms of friendliness could be the language barrier: almost half of people in Vienna said that it was impossible to get along in Vienna without knowledge of the language. However, it seems that expats have found it easier to make friends with Austrians. The top three cities for expats are Taipei, Singapore and Manama. At the other end of the scale, Riyadh ranks last, followed by Jeddah and Rome. The ranking is based on this year's "Expat Insider Study" by the Munich company. Evaluation factors such as quality of life, acclimatization, professional life, personal finances and the housing market were used.
In many countries around the world, Christmas is celebrated in different ways. Some people make a fuss, others sing songs together in the candlelight, and still others marvel at the long legs of revue girls. Whichever way you look at it, Christmas has that wow! effect. And that has long since been the case for all those who live thousands of miles away from the next snowfall. Thanks to the globalization, Christmas has long since shaken off the hint of a Central European alpine festival. How else would it be possible to run into Santa Clauses in Asia? Chicken in Japan In Japan, for example, where the Shintō and Buddhism faiths are widespread, a Christmassy atmosphere is also spreading these days. Without angels, a nativity scene and the scent of fir trees, but still. And why? Quite simply because Christmas is fundamentally sympathetic. True to the motto: No matter what exactly is celebrated on that day in another part of the world, it is celebrated - and the Japanese are reluctant to let such an opportunity pass by unused. Of course there are certain limitations. Instead of Christmas carp, chicken is the order of the day in the sushi paradise. A change from everyday life is key! Because of this, the US fast food chain "Kentucky Fried Chicken" has blossomed into a coveted Christmas party location. And since younger Japanese people also like to meet up for a l'amour at Christmas, a more aggravated version of this modern custom is: a date in a KFC branch. Not romantically? Curtains in Trinidad Well, different countries, different customs. This applies to almost all regions of the world. On the Caribbean island of Trinidad, for example, eight times as many curtains are being sold as usual. Why? Because decorating and polishing up the apartments and houses is just as much a part of the festival as the gifts for the children.
The Austrian Students' Union (ÖH) is a group of students from different countries in the Austria. The union is a group of people who are interested in science. The union is a group of people who are interested in science. The union is a group of people who are interested in science. For example, scientists who are interested in medicine, veterinary medicine and psychology. The union will decide who will represent them until 2019. The elections for the Austrian Students' Union (ÖH) will take place in May or June. Young Scientists Changes are coming into effect in the personnel area, which should enable young scientists to pursue a continuous career up to and including a professorship. To do this, selection procedures must be carried out according to certain criteria and then a so-called qualification agreement must be signed. Then the way to the professorial curia is open to them.
Sabrina Limbeck has also had this experience. A partner died and she separated from her daughter's father. She worked as a crisis care mother, so she always have to say goodbye to foster children. She founded the first separation clinic in Vienna. The separation clinic is based on group sessions. Once a week, up to twelve affected people meet to share their feelings. The separation clinic is located in Vienna. The separation clinic is based on the lovesickness practice. The lovesickness practice is based on the concept of letting go, mindfulness and self-care. For Sabrina Limbeck, the latter is the most important measure in acute lovesickness. You have to learn to focus on yourself again, to increase your self-esteem. It starts with the basic needs, such as cooking something small for yourself instead of buying a pizza. It's about perceiving yourself as an individual again and saying I'm more than the person you've left.
India has sent a spacecraft to land on the moon for the first time in the country's history. The unmanned spacecraft "Chandrayaan-2" was launched with a rocket from Sriharikota in southern India, as announced by the space agency Isro. A week ago, the start had been canceled shortly before. The Indian space agency then spoke of a "technical problem" with the launch vehicle. However, she did not give any further details. The cancellation came shortly after the rocket was refueled with liquid hydrogen.
In 2017, 14,907 civil servants were assigned to the 1,700 community service organizations. The list of supporting organizations has grown in the past years. In 2017, around 400 institutions were newly recognized, while 130 dropped out of the list. There are also new requirements for civil servants: the supervisors in the facilities must complete an e-learning tool about the alternative military service. To ensure that the knowledge acquired is not forgotten, the course must be attended again every 3 years. Anyone who fails is no longer allowed to act as a superior. Basic knowledge in history Something has also been planned for the civil servants to learn. Citizens are obliged to complete an e-learning module on citizenship. The young men are given basic knowledge of the history of Austria and the basic principles of the constitution, the legal system and EU law. If the final test is passed positively, this should be included in the so-called competence balance sheet, which is handed out to every civil servant at the end of his service. Of course, whoever skips the module, does not have to fear any legal consequences. On the other hand, it could be more uncomfortable if civil servants have an escalating sick leave. According to the explanations of the draft law, the previous regulation that early dismissal for health reasons is only possible in the event of a continuous incapacity for work of 18 days often results in chain sick leave in practice. If the person doing community service is only in the facility for one day within this 18-day period, that will be over in the future.
In Austria, the state has ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. In Upper Austria, security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities: from September 2017 to the end of 2018, security guards took a total of 2,493 stabbing weapons, 397 pepper or tear gas sprays and 24 firearms from visitors. In view of the tragic case in Dornbirn, Governor Thomas Stelzer, ÖVP, said: "I'm glad that, despite some critical voices, we started in good time to take precautions to protect our employees, but also customers." Vorarlberg is now following this example, the state ordered mobile security gates. They are to be used at the district authorities and in the country houses. "So far we have assumed that we do not need it," said Governor Markus Wallner, ÖVP. "That has changed fundamentally." In Upper Austria, security checkpoints have already been set up at 3 district authorities. The other offices are not ready yet. Not even in Lower Austria, although a gunman took a hostage in the district authority in Klosterneuburg in 2011 and shot a man. "We don't have any airlocks, but we deployed external security personnel to Klosterneuburg and trained the employees in de-escalation," reports Hofrat Gerhard Tretzmüller. There are also alarm switches linked to the police, and pepper spray has also been issued. An evaluation of the security measures should be available in the spring. "Dornbirn can then play a role there." In general, the call for more security is getting louder. Alexander Majcan, head of the district authority in Southeast Styria and spokesman for the district authority association, considers locks to be a suitable measure. "That will be an issue at our next meeting."
Austria defeated Germany 2:1. Austria's team boss Franco Foda brought two new players to the game with Hummels, Boateng and Müller, but with Neuer as a comebacker in goal. Austria's team boss Franco Foda brought two new players in comparison to the Russia game with Grillitsch in central midfield and Alaba on the left. Germany controlled the action with a lot of ball possession, Austria had little access to the game and ran behind. And served an exemplary gift. Austria defended deep in order to narrow the spaces and often had problems getting on the offensive after winning the ball. In this phase, the ball was given back too quickly, also thanks to the opponent's good counter-pressing, and the Germans were given further opportunities. Only gradually did Austria gain courage and direct the actions more deeply. Germany's national coach Joachim Löw fiddled around in the coaching zone with dissatisfaction. Austria took more risks, finally created pressure and presented Germany with major problems. A shot from Zulj went just wide of the target and three minutes later Austria took the lead. Baumgartlinger with an exchange pass to Schöpf, who scored coldly to make it 2-1 (69th). By now, at the latest, the Wörthersee Stadium was a madhouse. Germany threw everything forward in the finish with Reus and Werner, but Austria took the lead with a lot of fighting and the crowd behind them and celebrated a historic victory.
In South Africa, a woman was wrongly pronounced dead after a road accident and was later found alive in a morgue. Three apparently dead accident victims were brought from a scene to the morgue on June 24, according to Gerrit Bradnick. The accident happened near Carletonville, southwest of Johannesburg.
You can give something away every day. It doesn't have to be organized, you can just make a homeless person happy. Social service Helping out with the poorest is eye-opening, no wonder there are many volunteers at Christmas. The City of Vienna has launched its own initiative "Voluntary in Vienna" with a large overview. Collect donations As a carol singer, with donation boxes on the go or at a charity flea market, you can donate your time instead of just old things. Hair donations You can donate a braid via Haarfee or Die Haarespender so that it becomes a wig for a child with cancer. Mentors Organizations such as the KURIER Lernhaus or Freispiel Wien are always looking for mentors, albeit adults. But you will certainly find families whose children are happy to have young company to play with. People in need There are always calls to donate things or money, such as warm blankets for the homeless or children's things for street children in Romania.
A spectacular grave find from 1878 in Birka, Sweden, has been interpreted as a great Viking warrior or leader. However, genetic tests of the skeleton have revealed that it was undoubtedly a woman. The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology. With the help of radio-isotope tests, the researchers were even able to determine that the buried person was very mobile - another indication that she was a warrior on the move. Fighting women It has been known for a long time that Vikings also fought as warriors. However, the new findings and the richness of the grave furnishings could indicate that women could possibly hold significantly higher ranks than previously thought. In this case, they were probably more valued and taken for granted than had previously been assumed. The gene sequencing was preceded by osteological investigations, since female characteristics had been discovered on the skeleton. In the 8th century, the settlement of Birka was considered an important trading center inhabited by up to 1000 people.
Today, Thursday, the 35-member board of trustees will appoint the ORF directors in Vienna. The ORF headquarters in Burgenland will be renovated. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters is located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Vienna. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The ORF headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Vienna. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland. The headquarters are located in Burgenland.
The US President Donald Trump and North Korea's ruler Kim Jong-un will meet again eight months after their historic summit in Singapore. The meeting will take place in Vietnam on February 27 and 28, Trump announced on Tuesday evening (local time) at his State of the Union address in Washington. The Singapore meeting marked the first time ever that an incumbent US president met a North Korean leader. In Singapore, Kim said that he is willing to complete nuclear disarmament. But there were no concrete commitments as to when Pyongyang will disarm its nuclear weapons and what the US could do in return. Trump believes he has averted war North Korea also handed over the remains of US soldiers from the Korean War (1950-53) in the summer. For their part, the USA and South Korea suspended joint military exercises. So far, Trump has made it clear that he wants to stick to the policy of maximum pressure on North Korea for the time being.
On the 13th day of the Olympics, the Austrian ski team won in the Nordic Combined team competition. The Austrian ski team won gold and silver. Anna Gasser won in the BigAir. Afterwards, there was a setback, because Marcel Hirscher already dropped out in the first slalom run, but Michael Matt later made sure of the next medal for the ÖOC. You can find out in which color it shines here. There was also a medal in the Nordic Combined team competition. The Austrian ski team won gold and silver. The alpine ladies were also in action, the super combination was ridden. The Swiss Michelle Gisin secured the victory, for the Austrians there was nothing to get as expected. For details, click here. During the night, Andreas Gohl finished eighth in the ski freestyle halfpipe. The 25-year-old from Vorarlberg showed his best attempt in the third heat with 68.80 points. Gold and silver went to the USA in front of 8,000 enthusiastic fans. Here is an overview of all events on Thursday: In the Olympic live blog you will then find out everything about the 13th Olympic Day: Click here for our Olympic Channel!
In the first half of the year, the AMS imposed 17 percent more sanctions on unemployment benefits and emergency assistance than in the previous year. There were a total of 71,634 bans, the AMS confirmed on Wednesday. According to the AMS, most sanctions were due to work/training being refused or being frustrated. A total of around 11,700 of these were due to unexcused days of absence from training courses, almost 7,200 more than in the first half of the year. More feedback from training providers due to the fact that training courses are absent on a daily basis.
Verena Preiner has won her bronze medal in the heptathlon. The heptathlon is the most popular sport in women's athletics. The heptathlon is also the queen discipline in women's athletics. Verena Preiner has already won a gold medal in the heptathlon. She has also won a silver medal in the heptathlon.
The Brazilian Everton Luiz from Partizan Belgrade was at the center of a racism campaign in Serbian football on Sunday. During the derby, won 1-0 by Partizan, the black player was greeted with monkey noises by Belgrade supporters every time he touched the ball. After the final whistle, Everton Luiz got carried away in pointing the middle finger at the supporters' corner. It was only when the police intervened that things calmed down. Everton Luiz left the field in tears. "I was more upset with the attitude of the opposing players," said the South American. "They supported the behavior of the fans instead of calming down the game."
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by the year 2030. Access to such basic everyday things generally improves with increasing income - but this is not as fast as the economy is growing, according to a study by the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis. The study was published in the journal "Environmental Research Letters". The UN Sustainable Development Goals envisage access to clean energy, water and sanitation for all people by the year 2030.
The new, huge protective cover over the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded in 1986, was officially put into operation. 45 countries contributed to the costs of 1.5 billion euros. The protective cover had already been pushed over the old reactor in 2016. In the coming years, the old concrete sarcophagus erected after the accident will be dismantled. It had already cracked over the years. The Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26, 1986 and irradiated large parts of Ukraine, Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union.
They found each other on their begging forays through the world-famous district of Copacabana in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Now they have had their daughter Aylla Vitoria for 5 months. The teenage parents still don't have one at home, they struggle through life as street children. Gabriel's adoptive mother initially takes care of the offspring. "I ran away from home when I was twelve and hitchhiked to Rio," says Graziela Oliveira, who previously lived in Belo Horizonte, 440 kilometers away. Since then she has been spending the nights under bridges, in parks and in dark house entrances. Now they are living together with her boyfriend, who has also been living on the street for years. Police threats They were repeatedly harassed by the police, and sometimes threatened. "Once they said to me, 'If we meet you here again, we'll kill you,'" says Gabriel.
The warmer it is in a room, the better the performance of women. Males, on the other hand, are most productive at lower temperatures. This is the result of a study by the Berlin Social Science Center (WZB) and the USC Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles. Many surveys have shown that women generally prefer higher room temperatures than men. So far, there has been no research on the influence of temperature on mental performance. For the new study, 542 students completed logic, math and oral tests in a room that was cooled or heated to temperatures between 16.2 and 32.6 degrees Celsius. The room temperature was between 30 and 33 degrees.
In the morning there is a lot of coming and going at the Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland. The Pannonian Food Bank in Burgenland is the largest private food bank in Austria, which has also existed the longest. The Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. For many people in Burgenland, the Pannonian Food Bank is the first point of contact when problems arise. The Pannonian Food Bank is open 6 days a week, including on December 24th. At Christmas there are many delicacies, the children get presents. In order to be able to continue to serve the society, the Pannonian Food Bank is dependent on help. Katrin Jurenich from the parents' association at the Jois elementary school came on Tuesday to hand over almost 400 euros and Christmas cards that the students had made themselves. This will be used to buy Christmas presents for needy children. A refrigerated truck is still urgently needed to transport groceries. Roschek sincerely hopes for public funding. The municipality of Eisenstadt has promised help: "An application for funding is currently being processed," according to the town hall. Where help is urgently needed People who live on the subsistence level can shop at the Pannonian Tafel. This is based on the minimum standard in accordance with the Burgenland minimum income protection law. You can support the Pannonian Tafel in the form of a voluntary commitment, a food donation or cash: Raiffeisenlandesbank Bgld, IBAN: AT37 3300 0000 0221 5523; www.pannonischetafel.com
The tropical cyclone "Fani" hit the area around the coastal city of Puri on Friday, according to the Indian meteorological authority. More than a million people had previously been brought to safety, according to the Odisha state government. According to initial reports from the local disaster management agency, the storm uprooted trees, downed power poles and caused flooding. Some thatched houses were also destroyed. No injuries or deaths were initially reported. TV images showed heavily bent palm trees and heavy rain in the coastal town of Puri, home to around 200,000 people. The storm moved northeast across the coastal region, weakening to wind speeds of around 130 kilometers per hour. After Odisha, the storm center was expected in the neighboring state of West Bengal and then in Bangladesh.
It started when Rosie was very young. Her childhood wasn't nice, she says. Soon she wanted to leave home. She ended up on the street, was placed in a home, and later imprisoned for physical violence. Back then, there was no way for homeless women to find shelter. Only later did Rosie find shelter in the crypt. "It was family to me," says Rosie. "My family." Still, she wanted to move into an apartment. Susanne Peter, senior social worker at the crypt helped her find a place to stay. Rosie looked for a job - she worked in a laundry, as a waitress and as a toilet attendant in Schönbrunn and at Karlsplatz. The crypt is also a place where help for self-help is possible, says Klaus Schwertner, General Secretary of Caritas Vienna. Today Rosie is retired and lives in an apartment with her partner. She has 70 euros to live on. She still comes to the crypt three times a week to visit "her party" and to organize tournaments in card games and puzzles.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel was surprised by the response to her statement "We can do it" on August 31, 2015. If she had been asked before the press conference at the time whether she had brought a certain sentence that would be "cited a lot", then she would not have said this one sentence. But she said the sentence "We can do it" "out of deep conviction". The sentence related to overcoming the refugee crisis is "of course" still a correct sentence for her. It always has to be "a big we come together when big tasks are pending". Refugee crisis "ignored for too long" In Germany, the looming refugee crisis had been "ignored for too long" and the need for a pan-European solution had been pushed aside. At that time, Germany had resisted a proportional distribution of the refugees. For a long time we didn't adequately address the issue," Merkel added. "This also applies to the protection of the Schengen area's external borders."
At the beginning of 2019, the gradual roll-out of the care "seal of quality" should take place. In the future, 24-hour care will have to meet certain criteria such as conflict management, competence or the duty to provide information.
Mervyn Rose died at the age of 87. Mervyn Rose won seven Grand Slam titles and two Davis Cups. He won the 1954 Australian Open and the 1958 French Open in singles. He also won a total of four doubles titles and one mixed in Australia, at the US Open and Wimbledon. As a coach, Rose coached women's stars Margaret Court, Billie King and Arantxa Sanchez. The left-hander was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001.
Christine Lagarde was the first woman to head the International Monetary Fund. She was also the first woman to head the European Central Bank ( ECB ). The European Parliament in Strasbourg voted in favor of Christine Lagarde as the new President of the European Central Bank. In a secret ballot, 394 MPs voted in favor of the Frenchwoman's nomination. 206 MPs voted against the appointment of the former head of the International Monetary Fund, 49 abstained. Christine Lagarde has often been number one in her life: first woman to head the International Monetary Fund, first French economy minister, first head of the renowned law firm Baker McKenzie. To crown her career, the 63-year-old Frenchwoman will now become the first female President of the European Central Bank.
It is not only wrong to blow your nose, but it can also have unpleasant consequences. Univ.-Prof. Gerd Rasp, head of the University Clinic for ENT diseases in Salzburg and Vice President of the Austrian Society for Ear, Nose and Throat Medicine: "Everyone has a mucous membrane in their nose that produces mucus, as the name suggests. This mucus is usually moved from front to back, this is how it works when we are healthy. We swallow it, the secretion ends up in the stomach and is neutralized by the stomach acid. Unlike when an infection causes the nasal mucosa to swell and a lot more secretion is produced, this mechanism is disrupted. The course usually goes like this: First the nose runs continuously and secretes watery secretion, after a few days the secretion becomes yellowish - due to dead phagocytes and other cells that are created by the permanent defensive struggle. What to do? Blowing your nose is not an innate ability of humans, nor of other mammals. So it is taught to children because they cannot do it by themselves. We can see natural and correct blowing of the nose in football broadcasts on television. When players are on the field, hold one nostril and blow out the other nostril, which will help clear phlegm. Physically, this corresponds to the principle of the water jet pump, the secretion is drawn out of the nose by the flowing air and thus finds its way out. That would be correct. In some areas of Germany, this method is also called “Charlottenburg” or “peasant handkerchief”. However, this type of blowing one's nose is not socially accepted, in contrast to East Asia, where sniffing and associated noises are considered polite and culturally appropriate. "This pulling up is also what we are born with, but it produces noises that we find unpleasant and unappetizing," says Rasp. What shouldn't you do? "Blowing your nose the wrong way - namely by pinching both nostrils shut and blowing hard into the paper. In this way, the pressure inside the nose is increased, secretion is shifted, for example into unaffected sinuses or possibly in the direction of the Eustachian tube, which can promote middle ear inflammation." This is particularly the case with children, where the firm, powerful blowing out can lead to an Opening of the auditory tube and thus a frequent spread of germs into the middle ear.
Atletico Madrid also won the third final in the club's history in the Europa League. The Spaniards won the second most important European Cup competition on Wednesday evening in the Stade de Lyon against Salzburg semi-final conquerors Olympique Marseille, as they did in 2010 and 2012. The Spaniards did a better job on offense and presented themselves as champions of efficiency. The only chance before the break, which only resulted from a Marseille mistake, led to success. Zambo Anguissa couldn't stop the ball after an unideal pass from goalkeeper Steve Mandanda. A Godin header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards (81st). The next highlight for the French team striker at his home town of Macon is only about 45 minutes from the final venue. The French fans were shocked and could not react. A Godin header just missed the post by inches. Only in the closing stages did Marseille become extremely dangerous. A Mitroglou header saved the inside bar for the Spaniards (81st). They in turn finally closed the sack, Gabi provided the final point (89th).
German researchers have found that dancing and endurance and stretching are better for the brain than dancing. They studied study volunteers with an average age of 68 years who participated in either a dance class or an endurance and stretching class weekly for a period of 18 months. In the study, they were able to show that both types of movement improve the brain area, which decreases with age. However, in comparison, dancing achieved significant improvements, such as better balance. The researchers now want to develop specific exercises under the name "Jymmin" (jamming and gymnastics) that are intended to help dementia patients in particular.
Many people are going into private bankruptcy, in 2015 there were already 8,851 (ten years ago there were 5,351). Many people are going into private bankruptcy because they fail because of the general conditions, says the Minister of Justice, Albert Steinhauser. In order to be accepted by the court, you have to shell out the legal costs and be able to generate enough to meet a minimum amount. That's at least 10 percent of the debt over the next 7 years. During this time you are limited to the subsistence level. In the 1990s, when interest rates were high, a woman owed 35,000 euros. She owes installments, within 15 years the bank has "jumped up the outstanding amount to 820,000 euros, completely rightly" (Maly). 10 percent of that is 82,000 euros, "and that's still twice the original loan amount." According to Maly, such lenders expect to be able to write off the outstanding amount anyway. Another example: A self-employed person tries to save his company with a loan, which fails: 850,000 euros in debt - that can never work out. Private bankruptcy will not be accepted. The bank simply crosses out a zero, now the repayment can work. Maly: "That shows how absurd and harmful this extrapolation is. The bank hires a collection agency to get the maximum out of it. These number games have the negative effect that the debtor's motivation plummets."
The Ministry of the Interior has set the registration week for the women's referendum and for the referendum for a smoking ban in gastronomy at October 1st to 8th. At best, the week could be used for further requests. As of today, 6 more referendums have been registered for which declarations of support can be collected. With the October date, the possibility is kept open of using the registration period for another referendum - or possibly for several.
From 2022, ÖBB wants to provide barrier-free long-distance trains for the first time. The day and night trains, which will initially run to Italy, are currently being developed in cooperation with Siemens and the Austrian Council for the Disabled. Following a train order placed in August last year, certain trains will be completed for people with special needs starting in the summer. For example, the first use of low-floor wagons in long-distance traffic at ÖBB makes barrier-free entry possible. The first eight trains are reserved for the route from Munich via Innsbruck to Verona. More trains will follow later.
Last year, 284,937 US citizens visited Cuba. That was 74 percent more than in the previous year. It has recently become much easier for US citizens to visit their former archenemy. However, travel is still restricted due to the trade embargo. For example, US citizens must state religious, cultural or academic reasons for visiting Cuba. Tourism is the second most important source of income for Cuba. Last year, 4 million tourists visited Cuba. By the year 2030, more than 100,000 new hotel rooms are to be built in Cuba.
The National Hurricane Center warned of a record hurricane in Florida on Wednesday. It was the strongest hurricane since weather records began to hit Florida. The north-western tip of Florida is called the panhandle. "Michael" had rapidly gained strength in the past few days. The authorities urged hundreds of thousands of people to leave the area. But many did not follow the warning. The National Hurricane Center spoke of a record hurricane in the region, although the exact extent of the consequences was still unclear on Thursday. According to US media reports, at least one person died. CNN, citing police, reported that a man was killed near Greensboro when a tree fell on a house. The power went out in hundreds of thousands of houses. Florida Gov. Rick Scott sent search and rescue teams to the areas that were particularly hard hit. Panama City Assemblyman Neal Dunn told CNN, "It looks like a bomb went off on every single block." When "Michael" hit the coast northwest of the small town of Mexico Beach at speeds of up to 250 kilometers per hour on Wednesday afternoon (local time), he was only missing 2 kilometers per hour of wind speed to be classified as a hurricane. The National Hurricane Center warned of flooding from torrential rain in parts of Georgia, southeastern Virginia, Virginia and South and North Carolina. Tornado warnings were in effect in some areas of Florida. Trump wants to visit the Northeast on his campaign.
The FIFA World Cup will take place in 2026. The World Cup is the biggest football tournament in the soccer world. The World Cup will be held in 2026. The World Cup will be held in Switzerland. The World Cup will last 32 days and take place in twelve stadiums. The total number of World Cup games will increase from 64 to 80. There will be no more draws at the World Cup. Why was the World Cup increased? The World Cup increase was a central promise made by Gianni Infantino before his election as FIFA President in February 2016. The Swiss justified this, among other things, with the extreme increase in membership of the world football association. In 1990, FIFA still had 110 members, now there are 211. But of course there are also financial reasons: According to calculations, the World Cup with 48 participants should flush the coffers with an additional 600 million euros. The increase in costs of EUR 300 million due to the World Cup should be compensated by the higher amounts from the sale of the TV rights.
There is a new law that is waiting to be passed in parliament. The government wants to expand the duo of patient and doctor by a third: research, both at home and abroad. The government wants to know what that means for the citizens. Which data should be passed on at all? With the research organization law, which is to be passed in parliament on Friday, data from state-managed databases may be passed on. This includes, for example, the central registration and civil status register, databases of social insurance, AMS, land and company registers. This also includes the electronic health record, or ELGA, which contains findings, medications and operations. From 2019, state and private scientific institutions as well as individuals from Germany and abroad will have access to the data.
Researchers from the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio and the Brooks College of Health at the University of North Florida conducted a study. The researchers found that homemade sunscreens only provide protection against the sun's dangerous UV rays. The researchers also found that many homemade sunscreens are not suitable for sun protection. The researchers also found that many homemade sunscreens are touted as a natural and safe alternative to commercial sunscreens. To test the effectiveness of the recipes, the researchers searched Pinterest for the terms "homemade sunscreen" and "natural sunscreen" — and then tried every fifth post. Of the 189 posts analyzed, often with wide reach, 95.2 percent rated the effectiveness of homemade recipes positively, although the majority did not offer sufficient protection. The researchers warned against relying solely on homemade sunscreens because they are not regulated or tested for effectiveness like commercial sunscreens.
For twenty years Eritrea and Ethiopia were at war. Eritrea was part of Ethiopia until independence in 1993. The two countries had been fighting each other for 2 years since 1998 over the drawing of borders between them. According to some estimates, between 55,000 and 150,000 people died in the war. In addition, 1.35 million people became refugees. Although the conflict ended in 2000 with an agreement, the peace treaty was never fully implemented and tensions between the two countries persisted. On Monday, the heads of state in Eritrea's capital Asmara announced that the war was over. A peace and friendship agreement had been signed. Diplomatic relations would be resumed.
The Austrian Federal Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, and the Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissow and the EU Council President, Donald Tusk were waiting for the first ascent at the valley station. About 200 people were there with the 3 top politicians. At first, only the numerous camera teams that accompanied Sebastian Kurz, Borissow and Tusk on the short walk down to the Schafalm were in close contact with them. After a few schnapps served by the traditional band, Heinz Faßmann, Juliane Bogner-Strauß, Margarete Schramböck, Josef Moser, Gernot Blümel and Karoline Edtstadler were available for photo requests and small talk.
In the winter months with little sunshine, the number of people with a vitamin D deficiency increases. Because the vitamin can be produced by the body so that it can be produced from its precursors, but sunlight is required. Foods that contain vitamin D cannot meet daily needs. About 2 servings of oily fish or 4 eggs would need to be eaten per day. The fat-soluble vitamin makes a significant contribution to maintaining health - numerous studies have shown connections with various diseases such as depression, asthma, cancer or multiple sclerosis. Vitamin D plays an important role in vital processes such as the immune system or bone health.
From April 30 to July 1, the U4 route between Hütteldorf and Hietzing will be closed. The route between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn from July 2 to September 4 will be closed. The main reason for the closure is because of the construction of the track bed and the tracks. Around 57,000 passengers travel on this section every day. The Wiener Linien recommend that you switch to other lines. Specifically, there are several ways for passengers to avoid the construction site. One option is to use the additional bus "U4Z", which runs between Hütteldorf and Schönbrunn right from the start and at peak times every 3 minutes. According to Winter, the 14 vehicles will not be able to accommodate all of the 57,000 passengers who travel daily on the affected U4 section. That's why you don't want to describe the bus as a replacement service. Other options are the S45, S50 and S80 rapid transit connections, with which you can change to the underground network in Ottakring, Heiligenstadt or at Westbahnhof. From July 2nd, bus lines 56A and 56B will be routed via Hietzing to Schönbrunn, so that there is still a direct connection to the U4.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored 2 goals against Hungary in the European Football Championship in France. He scored 3 goals against Hungary. Hungary scored 2 goals against Hungary. Hungary captain Dzsudzsak scored 2 goals against Hungary. Ronaldo scored 2 goals against Hungary. Hungary captain Dzsudzsak scored 2 goals against Hungary. Hungarian B-Elf Hungary coach Bernd Storck refrained from using the regular players who had been booked with yellow cards due to the fact that they had already reached the round of 16 of the European Football Championship. Tamas Kadar, Laszlo Kleinheisler, Adam Nagy and Krisztian Nemeth, who have already been warned once, were only on the bench. The Portuguese were absent from the injured left-back Raphael Guerreiro and Joao Mario replaced Ricardo Quaresma behind the duo of Ronaldo and Nani. Despite the many changes, Hungary again delivered a strong performance and took the lead after a corner with a long-range shot by Zoltan Gera from 20 meters. Akos Elek even had the 2-0 on his foot five minutes later, but failed from close range by Portugal goalkeeper Rui Patricio. At the other end, Ronaldo tested goalkeeper Gabor Kiraly with a free kick from a good 35 yards out. A Ronaldo ideal pass to Nani, who fired the ball into the near corner, brought Portugal level just before half-time. But immediately after the change, a free kick from Hungary captain Dzsudzsak, deflected by Andre Gomes, landed in the goal from 26 meters. Portugal responded immediately, Ronaldo sinking a cross from Joao Mario with his heel into the far corner to make it 2-2. But just 5 minutes later Hungary took the lead again: Dzsudzsak's free-kick was initially denied by the wall, but on the second attempt his shot was deflected "perfectly" by Nani with a bounce into the Kreuzeck. This time it took 7 minutes to equalize again: a cross from Quaresma, who had just come on as a substitute, headed Ronaldo into the net.
Gary Kurtz died at the age of 78. Gary Kurtz was the producer of the first two Star Wars films. The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". The two made their breakthrough in 1973 with "American Graffiti". Kurtz had his greatest successes as a producer of the first two Star Wars films. With "Star Wars" (1977) and "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980), the duo triggered a "Star Wars" hype. After falling out with Lucas, Gary Kurtz left the Star Wars series. He produced other films such as The Dark Crystal, Slipstream, and An Honorable Theft. Kurtz leaves behind his wife and three children. The family said: "Gary was a beloved husband, father, grandfather, friend, colleague and mentor whose work and talent spanned film, photography, music and film history. He was a Marine, a world traveler, an outdoorsman and a kind, compassionate human being." Chewbacca actor Peter Mayhew tweeted: "A great filmmaker and human being has passed away. Without him there would have been no "power". You will be remembered in the films you made that impacted the lives of millions."
The Austrian national team has been in training camps for one month. The team manager is Marcel Koller. The Austrian national team has been together for too long for that; there are also too many players with high social skills in this team. It's no coincidence that he didn't give up the opportunity to test additional players during the training camp, which might cause unrest. And trips like yesterday to the Rhine Gorge or to the Sagogn Golf Club should provide variety and a good atmosphere. "You can plan a lot," says team manager Marcel Koller, "but the most important thing in the coming weeks will be that we focus on the players." According to the dictionary, this phenomenon does not exist in French. Langenscheidt's Great School Dictionary has a translation for Lagerkeller but not Lagerkoller.
The right-over The right-over is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. With sober tasks, such as writing a report, they are quickly bored and since they can hardly say no, they can hardly say no. The right-over is also very stubborn. The stubborn person can make everyday work difficult for themselves and their employees. "While communication with our team should actually provide a fruitful exchange and a variety of solutions, we often face certain hurdles in direct contact with complicated colleagues," explains the expert. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. "Affected employees contribute to the know-it-all appearance by flattering the know-it-all or agreeing with them. However, the opposite behavior is not recommended, because contradiction and counter-action only drive the stubborn person to want to prove himself even more. Better: Detach yourself from the emotions, try to think rationally and frame the criticism in the form of questions. This creates a more pleasant working atmosphere and better results," says Rixgens. The creative slob Basically, the creative slob is very endearing. He has good empathy, is open and communicative. However, working with fellow human beings of this kind can be difficult. The creative slob can make everyday work difficult for themselves and their employees. "While communication with our team should actually provide a fruitful exchange and a variety of solutions, we often face certain hurdles in direct contact with complicated colleagues. In order to overcome this, it can help to familiarize yourself with the various colleagues. The Know-It-All character and stubbornness are typical of the Right-Hover. The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Danger! With their negative nature, naysayers are often contagious, steal confidence, pull down and poison the mood. The pessimist should under no circumstances take the comments of the naysayer personally or allow themselves to be taken in out of politeness. The pessimist is a person who recognizes the difference between complaining and real criticism and sees the pessimist as a professional skeptic. The pessimist uses the colleague's idiosyncrasy as a valuable corrective for the team ", explains the expert, who is also the author of the book "Complicated colleagues and superiors". The pessimist The life motto of the pessimist is Murphy's law. Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
This year, the Alternative Nobel Prize honors tireless fighters for the weakest in society. The award was given to 4 winners on 3 continents on Tuesday. The Right Livelihood Award - a prize at a critical distance from the traditional Nobel prizes - goes to India, Ethiopia, Azerbaijan and the USA in 2017. Indian human rights lawyer Colin Gonsalves gets it for defending modern day slaves, slum dwellers, women and the poor for 3 years. Among other things, his human rights network HRLN fought for a "right to food" which improved the lives of 400 million people. The award, which is worth around 105,000 euros each, also goes to the Ethiopian Yetnebersh Nigussie for her commitment to people with disabilities in Africa and worldwide. Investigative journalist Khadija Ismayilova from Azerbaijan gets the award for her courageous exposure of corruption at the highest level of government, which also landed her in prison.
An 80-year-old woman delayed a flight from Shanghai for several hours because she wanted to ward off accidents by tossing coins into an airplane engine. The woman, named Qiu, tossed the coins to pray for the safety of the flight, police said. She was arrested at Pudong International Airport in the Chinese city of Pudong. The 150 passengers were forced off the China Southern Airlines flight bound for Guangzhou after one of nine coins hit the airplane engine. Inmates observed Qiu and alerted the security forces. According to her neighbors, the woman is a Buddhist. The machine was thoroughly inspected. The news spread like wildfire on the Internet and drew numerous mocking comments such as: An aircraft engine is not a "fountain of happiness".
The US coffee giant Starbucks is venturing into the home of espresso and cappuccino. According to an Italian entrepreneur Antonio Percassi, who is working on behalf of the US giant for Starbucks' entry into the Italian market, 300 stores are to be built in the next 6 years. The opening of the first Italian store in Milan was originally planned for early 2017 but was postponed to June 2018. By then, a branch is to be built on the central Piazza Cordusio in the heart of Milan. Further openings are to follow in Rome and other Italian cities.
The broadcaster, ATV, has been working with the police for a long time. They have been working with the police for 10 years and also maintained the "professional exchange with the various police units". The broadcaster said that the series "Live PD" serves as a kind of PR product for the police. If there are attempts to intervene in the design of the series, the format will be stopped.
From autumn 2020, the bus line 13A will run in both directions through Neubaugasse. The costs have not yet been determined. From autumn 2020, the 13A will then drive through the meeting zone in both directions. Head north from Mariahilfer Strasse to Burggasse. A stop on Amerlingstraße ensures the connection to the U3. Criticism only comes from the ÖVP Approval for the double route comes from Mariahilfer SPÖ district chief Markus Rumelhart, from the Neos and from the Chamber of Labor. He says that the double route is a "win-win situation for 15 million people and the residents". The Viennese ÖVP, on the other hand, locates the "worst of all alternative routes discussed".
Today, Hans Peter Doskozil is the new head of the cabinet of the German Defense Minister. The new head of the cabinet is Alexandra Schrefler-König. The 45-year-old Schrefler-König comes from the Ministry of the Interior, where she was most recently head of the department for aliens police, visa and border control. Then she moved to the Independent Federal Asylum Board and to the Asylum Court. She not only has a good insight into practice - where she was attacked by activists because of some decisions - but has also appeared as an author of specialist publications. Doskozil's chief of staff, Brigadier Jürgen Ortner, is also preparing to change jobs. In a few months he will go to Washington as a military attaché.
On January 29th, Vox will start the new round of the "cook competition" on January 29th at 8:15 p.m. In each episode, a local chef will serve you his regulars' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will decide how well this has worked. The show will also be called "The perfect professional dinner - top chefs among themselves" for Sunday, January 8th. A top chef invites three others to his home and cooks for them. In each episode, two of them travel separately to 2 travel destinations that they mutually chose. There, a local chef will serve you his regulars' favorite dish. They have to find out which and how it is prepared, and then prepare it themselves. A jury of regular guests will assess how well this has worked.
More air than content, misleading packaging information and hidden price increases are the biggest annoyances for consumers who complain to the Association for Consumer Information (VKI). Katrin Mittl-Jobst is an employee at the VKI. She explains the 5 biggest annoyances for the KURIER: Annoyance one: The great emptiness "Most often, consumers continue to complain about oversized packaging that promises more than is actually inside", says Katrin Mittl-Jobst. Several hundred people complained to the VKI about this." These deceptive packages are not only annoying for consumers, but they are also anything but environmentally friendly". Often mentioned by name: the wasabi chips at Spar. Annoyance two: The raspberry bars - made from banana When pictures and inscriptions on the packaging promise the buyer something different than what is actually inside, consumers get upset. Alnatura's grape-raspberry fruit bar, which according to the VKI consists of banana flakes, was objected to. Barilla's Pesti alla Genovese and Ovomaltine's instant cocoa were also objected to. Nuisance three: The fake tiramisu Looks like tiramisu, is also advertised as tiramisu, just doesn't taste quite like tiramisu. Consumers and consumer advocates are also unhappy with products that have little in common with classic recipes. As a negative example, the tiramisu "according to the original Italian recipe" that is offered by Billa was objected to. According to the VKI analysis, instead of mascarpone, egg and sugar, it contains much more water, glucose syrup, sugar and coconut oil. Annoyance four: Anything but from Austria More lies and deceit can be seen behind the Austrian flag on the packaging and possibly the note Made in Austria. Katrin Mittl-Jobst explains: "That doesn't mean that the raw materials come from Austria and the product was manufactured in Austria." Red-white-red signals can also be found on the plastic packaging from the Danone orchard. Annoyance five: The hidden price increase Last but not least, consumers get upset when the packaging and the price remain the same, but the filling quantity has been quietly and secretly reduced.
The Syrian government and several opposition groups have reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire. The ceasefire, brokered by Turkey and Russia, is scheduled to come into force at midnight local time (11:00 p.m. CET). Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in Moscow that the government of President Bashar al-Assad and several opposition groups have reached an agreement. The Syrian National Coalition called on all opposition groups to stick to the agreement. The Free Syrian Army will comply with the agreement, the SNC said. However, it will react to violations by the Syrian army and its allies. Samir Nashar, a member of the Syrian opposition, welcomed the ceasefire. But there must be someone to monitor compliance, he told the German Press Agency.
According to a newspaper report, the persecuted Catholic Asia Bibi from Pakistan has left for Canada. She is united with her family. The "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" quoted her lawyer, Saif Ul-Malook. Accordingly, Asia Bibi had moved with her husband to the country where her two daughters were already staying. For security reasons, he could not disclose the exact time of her departure and how she left the country, the newspaper's lawyer said. It had previously been said that Asia Bibi could not leave Pakistan on a regular flight. Since her release on November 7, she has been living in a secret place under tight security. Germany was also discussed as a possible country for an asylum application.
The police in Munich are on the scene of a shooting near the Olympia shopping center in Munich. The police are on site quickly, by the end of the evening there will be almost 2,300 security forces, including the anti-terrorist unit GSG9. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media. Twitter is a short message service that anyone can use to spread their truth. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. From minute one, citizens can take part in the latest developments on social media such as Twitter and Facebook. The police are on the scene quickly, looking for where the threat is coming from. After the mass murder in Nice and the ax attack on a Bavarian train, more and more people are sure that Munich is now the target of a terrorist attack. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police made 4,310 emergency calls. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. New horror reports pop up: shots are said to have been fired at the Stachus, a popular square in Munich's old town. Another shooting near the subway station at Marienplatz was circulated on Twitter. The fear keeps growing. Between 6 p.m. and midnight, the Munich police made 4,310 emergency calls. In fact, 4 times as many as normal. In the excitement of live reports, journalists are also tempted to speculate wildly about what happened. Around half past nine, the police asked via Twitter: "Please hold back with speculation and discussions here for the moment. You would support us a lot with that." Because, as it becomes clear well after midnight, there weren't 3 perpetrators. Shots were still fired at Stachus or near Marienplatz. In fact, the many false reports hinder the use. Despite the complexity of what is happening, one person remains calm. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that Islamists are at work. More and more pictures from the crime scene are being distributed online, and some media are using them. The photo from a shopping center in which blood and corpses can be seen, with a reference to the OEZ in Munich (see image on the left), is particularly bold. In fact, the picture is from a robbery near Johannesburg in South Africa. Horror reports Eyewitness reports of two men jumping into a vehicle and speeding away. A momentous rumor. For many hours, the police have to assume that there are at least 3 perpetrators. New horror reports are said to have been fired at the Stachus, a popular square in Munich's old town. The fear keeps growing.
Children who see fast food ads are about twice as likely to eat fast food as children without such ad exposure if their parents rarely eat fast food. This is the result of a long-term study with 624 children. The German Alliance for Non-Communicable Diseases (DANK), a scientific organization, has long called for a ban on advertising for unhealthy products for children. "Such advertising thwarts all efforts to teach children healthy nutrition," says Barbara Bitzer, spokeswoman and managing director of the German Diabetes Society. "It is unacceptable that all the efforts of parents and educators to promote healthy nutrition are nullified in this way." The WHO recommends an advertising ban as an effective measure against obesity in children. Several countries already have such laws, such as Norway and Sweden. Barbara Bitzer: "It would be absurd to protect babies from unhealthy food such as sweetened tea, but no longer protect older children." Because the development of nutritional skills only begins after the baby phase.
Because it was her heart's last wish, the Fürth Clinic brought a horse to the bedside of a terminally ill patient. The woman used to have the Icelandic horse "Dana" as a foster horse. The team from the palliative care unit did not hesitate and made the meeting in the clinic courtyard possible. Positive reactions on the Internet The owner brought the animal with the trailer to Fürth, about 15 kilometers away. The woman was able to stroke her "Dana" one last time.
Alexander Van der Bellen died on Monday night after a short illness. Van der Bellen was on friendly terms with his first wife Brigitte Van der Bellen and, together with their 2 sons Nicolai and Florian, accompanied them to their last hours, the President's Office said. The President's Office requests that the families' privacy be respected. Van der Bellen will not keep any appointments in the next few days, according to the APA request from the Presidential Office.
In the wild, Goffini cockatoos don't use any tools at all. They use a wide variety of materials to produce useful tools. For example, a wooden board, a piece of cardboard or a block of beeswax. All four cockatoos quickly realized that there was not much to do with the wax, it just stuck to their beaks and let it go. They were able to produce useful tools from the beech twigs and get to the nut. Those who cut off all the leaves at once were faster than the lazy ones, who first tried it with half-leaf twigs and then had to correct them so that their chopsticks fit through the hole up to the nut. In addition to Figaro, two other cockatoos broke shavings from the larch board and got the reward out of the box.
In the Arctic, spring starts up to 16 days earlier than it did in the past 10 years. The researchers fear that this will affect migratory species such as migratory birds that come to the Arctic to breed.
Bill Cosby was convicted of sexual assault. The 81-year-old actor and comedian Bill Cosby has been sentenced to 3 years in prison. He was convicted of sexual assault after being convicted of a sexual assault. He was arrested in Norristown, Pennsylvania, in handcuffs. The police officers led him out of the courtroom in handcuffs on Tuesday. A collection point is where the judge decides which of the 24 prisons in the state of Cosby will go to. He must serve at least 3 and at most ten years in prison. Seeing America's once-popular "TV dad" in handcuffs is not cause for celebration, prosecutor Kevin Steele said. "We take it very seriously when someone's freedom is taken away. But I will not apologize for my job." The competent authority in Montgomery County released the police photo shortly afterwards, which shows Cosby in a white shirt with suspenders. He looks dejected in the photo and is not looking at the camera. Cosby's defense attorney, Joseph Green, tried to get Cosby released on bail pending a decision on the planned appeal. This would be tried in the next higher court, the Superior Court in Harrisburg. This court must hear the case.
With the end of the summer holidays, the large construction sites usually disappear from the streets again. But one with a lot of potential for conflict is still ahead of the Viennese: Because the last gap in the Wiental cycle path is being closed, the Linke Wienzeile will only be passable in one lane for 4 months. The KURIER has the answers to the most important questions and an overview of the cycle paths that are still being built. What is the roadway of the project? From September 2, one lane will be closed on the 600 meters of Linke Wienzeile between Getreidemarkt and Köstlergasse. This leaves drivers with only one lane. There will be a slight relaxation from September 19th. As the work progresses, the second lane out of town will gradually be released again. The work should be finished on December 13th. How will this affect traffic? The Chamber of Commerce predicts 8.5 hours of traffic jams a day. Vienna's construction site coordinator Peter Lenz can neither confirm nor deny this number: "I don't know the study." There is no doubt that the construction site will cause delays. After all, 20,000 vehicles are in the area every day. Together with Michael Takacs, head of the traffic department of the Vienna police, Lenz therefore appealed on Monday: "Avoid this area on a large scale. You will feel the construction site as far as the Ring or onto Schwarzenbergplatz." Why is the cycle path necessary at all? Cyclists currently have to use the busy car lanes in the 600-metre-long section. The alternatives Margaretenstrasse and Gumpendorfer Strasse are far away, and the latter has no cycle path. Why is the entire road being renewed? Because there are still cobblestones and tracks from the 1960s on the road, it has to be completely renewed. The construction of the cycle path will eliminate 70 parking spaces.
WhatsApp has been used in many countries to spread fake news and propaganda. To curb this, WhatsApp will only be able to send messages to up to 5 people and groups. The company announced this on Monday in Jakarta, Indonesia. The company was originally launched in India last July. The chat app has been blamed for lynchings and resulting killings in the country after misinformation spread about the app. A limit of 20 receivers has been installed in the rest of the world. WhatsApp will only send messages to up to 5 people and groups. If you forward a message to five groups with the maximum number of users, you will reach 1,280 users in one fell swoop.
Honey bees are at their peak from April to September. They collect nectar and pollen from around their nest, exchange information about where the best food blooms and drink the sugar water that the beekeeper offers them. For this they deliver honey, wax and royal jelly, which is actually reserved for the beekeepers. The honey bees are almost exclusively found as farm animals in Europe. In Austria there is no competition for food between honey and wild bees. Wherever the honey bee was brought to, in special habitats such as in America or Australia, these could influence each other. In this country, everything that helps the local honey bee also strengthens the wild high-flyers.
The job, the children, the household, the new Netflix series - most people do not manage to get enough sleep in everyday life. Instead of the recommended 7 hours, it is often only 5 or 6, and the chronic lack of sleep has consequences. We are easily irritable and lack concentration, and the risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases increases. Luckily, it's almost the weekend and therefore enough time to compensate for the workday sleep deficit and the resulting harmful effects. But does that work at all? Scientists from the University of Colorado got to the bottom of this question.
The cat is exhausted and exhausted, its nose is stuffed up, its eyes are sticky, its respiratory tract is inflamed, and it is struggling for air. Cat colds are in season for pets at any time of the year. It is more dangerous than a typical autumn cold in humans. The KURIER animal coach explains which symptoms bother the cat, when it becomes dangerous and what helps. Findings Cat colds are caused by various viruses or bacteria. The pathogens mutually favor each other. As a result, the cause of the disease cannot be easily known. The experience of the veterinarian is required. Tests can confirm his suspicions. However, swabs from the conjunctiva, nose or throat are uncomfortable for the cat, and the results are not one hundred percent reliable. A negative finding does not mean that the cat is healthy. Treatment "The therapy depends on the severity," explains the veterinarian from the Schönbrunn Zoo surgery. Cats in particular who become infected shortly after birth through contact with the secretion of other kittens, through petting or from the environment, need help. You will receive antibiotics and immune-boosting drugs. If they are not treated, they can go blind, in the worst case the nose breathers stop eating and die. Infection of the lungs can also be fatal.
In the future, if it is 35 degrees or more outside, the 375 Viennese Fiaker horses will be out of the heat. Last summer that would have been the case in the inner city for 18 days. In the future, it will be only possible to use the Fiaker horses every other day. The operating time will be reduced by one hour and will only be possible from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the future. Floor markings should define the location and number of parking spaces - this makes it easier for the police, MA60 (veterinary office) and MA65 (legal traffic matters) to check whether all requirements are being met. In the future, before each journey, coachmen will have to check the suitability of the Fiaker horses for use. This must be entered in the logbook and withstand an inspection by the authorities. Furthermore, only animals may be used as draft horses that, due to their character and their training and training, can cope well with being used as a Fiaker horse. And finally, the city wants to pay more attention to "animal welfare-related issues", such as the effects of wearing a muzzle, tying the tail or regular feeding. The focus is on increased reconnaissance and controls. The amendment to the Fiaker and Horse Rental Car Act should pass the Vienna Chamber of Commerce in June and then be decided in the state parliament.
The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries, the Global Strike For Future network announced on Monday. The Global Strike For Future network is a non-governmental organization that works with NGOs to fight against climate change. The Global Strike For Future network is based on the Swedish activist Greta Thunberg. Greta Thunberg started protesting in August 2018 for Sweden to do more to combat climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement. The international school strikes around March 15 will involve demonstrators in at least 490 cities in 57 countries. The Global Strike For Future network is a non-governmental organization that works with NGOs to fight against climate change. It is possible that rallies will take place in other cities that have not yet been listed, said a spokesman for the network. Accordingly, climate protests are planned on all inhabited continents, the westernmost in Honolulu in Hawaii, the easternmost in New Zealand's Palmerston North. In August 2018, Greta Thunberg began demonstrating in front of the parliament in Stockholm for Sweden to do more to combat climate change. Her "school strike for the climate" found thousands of imitators all over the world, and the 16-year-old herself became the face of the international climate protection movement.
Peter Matić was 82 years old. He was the celebrated actor of the Austrian Burgtheater. In the 25 years he has played no fewer than 85 roles. What was special about Peter Matić was that he could easily fill big games with personality. But he could also turn very small figures into precious gems. His last roles Great examples of this are the last roles he played at the Burgtheater. As a rabbi in the dramatization of Joseph Roth's "Job" (directed by Christian Stückl) he was a small, sad, smiling sage. As a district court counselor in "Glaube Liebe Hoffnung" (Director: Michael Thalheimer) he played an Austrian civil servant who is threatened with disappearance. As the landlord in Nestroy's "Love Stories and Marriage Matters" under the strong direction of Georg Schmiedleitner, wrapped in a heavy metal jacket, he showed a delicate earthiness. All this with very few gestures and sentences. His life Peter Matić came to the Wiener Welt in 1937. After training as an actor with Dorothea Neff, he was engaged at the Theater in der Josefstadt before working in Basel, at the Munich Kammerspiele and at the Schillertheater in Berlin. In 1993 he played for the first time at the Burgtheater in "Croatian Faust". From 1994 he was a member of the ensemble. At the castle he worked with Giorgio Strehler, Adolf Dresen, George Tabori, Achim Benning, Dieter Giesing, Thomas Langhoff, Georg Schmiedleitner, Andrea Breth, Barbara Frey and Leander Haußmann. Matić was also seen regularly at the Volksoper, the Staatsoper and in Reichenau. He was not only a celebrated actor, he was liked and loved by colleagues and the audience as a person with a strikingly strong character. Burgtheater director Karin Bergmann summed it up as follows: "With Peter Matić we are losing a unique actor, but beyond the artistic loss we mourn one of the noblest, friendliest, most generous colleagues."
In many cities around the world, thousands of people rode the subway without pants on Sunday, March 26. In London and New York there were several hundred people. In Berlin, for example, according to the organizers, around 100 people took part in the annual "No Pants Subway Ride". It was intended to "put a smile on the passengers' faces," said a spokeswoman for the Mar-Mar initiative, which had called for participation in Berlin. "It's just a fun event. We don't have a political message." Anyone who boarded with a valid ticket and without pants could take part. Accordingly, mainly young people under the age of 30 years took part. Occasionally, however, "significantly older people" also took part. "People should have fun, we don't want to provoke anyone," said the spokeswoman. "But boxer shorts with funny motifs or old underpants from the 1920s always make people laugh." The event was launched in New York in 2002 by the performance group Improv Everywhere. Many people took part in New York again this time - and in Washington, many didn't let the heavy snowfall stop them from taking part. Some wore full winter gear above the waist, others no more than a T-shirt, despite the freezing temperatures. 40-year-old Sam opted for a suit - no pants. "According to the motto: Why is this guy wearing a tie and no trousers?" It's nice to see the "strange reactions of people". Mary England, 30, a long time participant. "It's easy to make new friends when you meet each other shirtless," said Will Fagg, a Baltimore pizza maker. The 45-year-old had just met George Thurony, who had traveled from Arlington. What do you appreciate most about the event? Thurony, 57, laughed. "I like it when new people spontaneously join in on the subway and also take off their pants."
Maria Vassilakou will no longer be the deputy mayor and city councilor of Vienna. She will be available in the state government until the "financial statement 2019". This should mean the conclusion of the year 2018, which will take place in June 2019. At the same time she wants to hand over to her successor. Vassilakou announced that by the time she leaves, all major projects should be completed or at least "put on track" so that they can be completed. She said: "I think it's time for a generational change. And by that I don't just mean age, but ways of thinking, working methods, visions and structures. Now it's the next turn." But there are also personal reasons. She will soon be 50, that is a time to take stock. You then ask yourself: "What can I still achieve? That much is certain: I am a politician with body and soul." But life in the front row is very intense and after 25 years she "may" say goodbye to it.
The elephants at the Schönbrunn Zoo in Vienna are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest. The pachyderms are enjoying their new bathing pool to the fullest, especially the bull Shaka. "Shaka came to us from the Duisburg Zoo last year. He also had a bathing pool there and was very fond of splashing about in it," says Harald Schwammer, the zoological director of the Vienna Zoo. Among the females, 14-year-old Mongu is the largest water rat. Even in the wild, elephants often stay near watering holes. Bathing is a welcome way to cool down and, like showering or mud bathing, also serves to care for their sensitive skin.
Austria's national soccer team is back in the running for the European Championship qualifier. With a 4-1 win in North Macedonia on Monday, the team clinched their second win in a row, moved up to third place in Group G and is just one point behind second place held by Israel. The goalkeeper, Franco Foda, said that the team has shown that they can withstand the pressure. There were only two flaws in the clear success in Skopje, Martin Hinteregger's own goal after a misunderstanding with goalkeeper Heinz Lindner and the lack of efficiency. Franco Foda is satisfied with the team. "If you have to or can criticize something, it's the evaluation of chances. We should have scored one or two more goals, but we're satisfied," said Foda. "We played really well in the first half and should have been 3-1 or 4-1 up. Unfortunately, we didn't pay attention to the own goal, but we came back anyway." Even when the score was 0:1, Franco Foda said he had no doubts about an Austrian victory. "We saw a similar game in Israel, where we also created a lot of chances in the first half. But I was pretty sure we would turn it around because we played extremely well." Franco Foda did not want to confirm the thesis that the team has played the best game in many months. "We were very focused for 90 minutes, but we've combined well in other international matches as well."
Two rabbits from a woman from Salzburg dug up a grenade from the First World War in her garden on Monday afternoon. The frightened woman immediately informed officers from the Itzling Police Inspectorate. A defusing expert found that the grenade, which weighed around 3 to 4 kilograms and was around ten centimeters long, was non-functional. Because there was no immediate danger to the area, no large-scale blocking measures were taken. The rabbit's owner was very grateful that the operation went quickly. It was no longer possible to determine whether one or all of the two rabbits brought the grenade to light while digging in the ground.
The Vatican gets an official women's soccer team. The women's soccer team is called "FC Mariahilf". The women's soccer team is coached by Roman coach Gianfranco Guadagnoli and has 25 members. Captain is Cameroonian-born forward Eugene Tcheugoue, staffer at the Vatican Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life. The footballers also include some employees of the Vatican Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesú". The number of employees in the Vatican is growing more and more. Every fourth employee of the Vatican is now a woman.
In Rome, Italy, people are no longer allowed to sit on the famous Spanish Steps in Rome and enjoy la dolce vita. In the summer, the city council passed a decree prohibiting people from sitting on the famous marble steps in the historic center of the Italian capital. Violators face a fine of up to 400 euros. Other behaviors that are a thorn in the side of city officials were also banned - such as bathing in fountains and going for walks without a shirt or t-shirt. Rome wants to bring the effects of mass tourism under control.
In the past, fatty liver was underestimated. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver. Many patients still hear that when this diagnosis is made - often as an additional finding of an ultrasound examination. The topic is trivialized and not taken seriously," says gastroenterologist Thomas Matthias Scherzer. He opened the first "fatty liver center" in Vienna. "In the case of fatty liver, one can speak of an approaching avalanche," says Univ.-Prof. Michael Trauner, Head of the Division of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at MedUni Vienna / Vienna General Hospital. "In the past, this topic was underestimated - and sometimes even trivialized. But today even 20-year-olds have such a fatty liver." Belly fat = liver fat Excessive calorie intake, obesity and lack of exercise are the classic risk factors. More belly fat usually means more liver fat. In the USA, fatty liver is the second most common cause of liver transplants after hepatitis.
After the explosion in the Baumgarten compressor station of Gas Connect Austria GmbH, investigations into the cause continued on Wednesday. The accident claimed one fatality, one serious injury and 20 minor injuries. According to the police, 8 of the injured people are foreign nationals. The man killed in the accident was an Austrian citizen. The man came from the Korneuburg district, spokesman Raimund Schwaigerlehner said on request. As the KURIER reported on Tuesday, it is a 32-year-old employee of the TÜV (Technical Monitoring Association).
On Monday, February 10, 2020, in the Mariahilfer Straße / Rahlstiege area, six new security bollards will be installed. These security bollards will be built in the Mariahilfer Straße/Kaiserstrasse area. Last year, 8 security bollards and nine pieces of granite furniture were built in the Mariahilfer Strasse/Kaiserstrasse area. The work for the current security measure should be completed in mid-April 2020 and in any case in good time before the Vienna City Marathon. For this purpose, Mariahilfer Strasse from Getreidemarkt to Königsklostergasse will be closed to traffic for 4 weeks. Pedestrians and cyclists should not be affected. Motorists will be able to bypass Windmühlgasse, Capistrangasse and Stiftgasse. The costs for the security measures on Mariahilfer Strasse amount to around EUR 630,000 and are borne by the City of Vienna.
Russia and Syria started a new cease-fire in Syria. Russia and Syria have agreed to a new cease-fire. The cease-fire started at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST). Russia and Syria have agreed to a new cease-fire. Russia and Syria have agreed to an eleven-hour cease-fire. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" attacked Bustan al-Qasr. An eleven-hour cease-fire came into force on Thursday at 8:00 a.m. (local time/07:00 a.m. CEST). Russia and Syria have agreed to an eleven-hour cease-fire. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" attacked Bustan al-Qasr. Both sides blamed each other for the new violence. A spokesman for the Nour al-Din al-Zinki rebel group, Yasser al-Yussif, told the German Press Agency that regime snipers fired on the Bustan al-Qasr district and other areas. The Syrian state news agency Sana, on the other hand, reported that "terrorist organizations" attacked Bustan al-Qasr.
The Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and Project Manager of the Internet Watchlist have conducted a study about Internet fraud. The study found that almost every second Austrian has already been confronted with online fraud. Therefore caution and an awareness of dubious offers are essential. Anyone who pays attention to this has little to fear when shopping on the Internet, says Thorsten Behrens, the Managing Director of the Austrian E-Commerce Quality Mark and Project Manager of the Internet Watchlist, and adds: "Fraudulent activities exist both online and offline. Panic about online trading is not inappropriate. Rather, it is about raising awareness of this and dealing with possible dangers." The top types of fraud are subscriptions, phishing emails and fake payments. The top types of fraud are subscription traps (last year in 3rd place), fake payments and goods that have not been delivered but have already been paid for. This is followed by malware (viruses, Trojans, etc.) and blackmail with videos or images. The expert also confirms: “We see that subscriptions have increased significantly in the last year. They are well disguised as supposedly free offers and services and range from streaming services to holiday booking platforms and sweepstakes.” Consumers who want to use these services subscribe without knowing it. As a result, they are confronted with high bills and letters from collection agencies or lawyers. "Those who allow themselves to be intimidated and comply with payment requests unjustifiably lose money," says Behrens. If they are unsure can get help from the Internet Ombudsman.
German-Russian researchers found 13 skulls with surgical skull openings. Surgical openings of the skull have been evidence of early human medical knowledge for more than 10,000 years. It is very difficult, and in most cases even impossible, to determine the reasons for surgery on a skull. If the cause is trauma, fracture lines may still be visible on the skull. If it is a disease such as epilepsy or migraine or ritual reasons, there are no visible indications of the reason for the operation on the skull. The 13 skulls found in Russia were examined with a magnifying glass, X-ray and computer tomography. The operations were carried out using two different techniques: the hole was created either by scraping with a sharp object or by cutting out a round piece of bone. Men and women between the ages of 10 and 60 were operated on. Most patients survived the operation.
The singer-songwriter Sigi Maron died on Monday at the age of 72. Sigi Maron was born in Vienna in 1944 and became famous with songs like "Geh no ned furt", "Ballade von ana hoatn wochn" or "Dovichenja Yugoslavija". His appearances in the TV series "Tohuwabohu" also made him famous. Maron was always politically active and also expressed his attitude in his socially critical songs. He ran for the KPÖ in 1998 and 2003 in Lower Austria and in 2013 in the National Council elections. He contracted polio at the age of 10 and has been confined to a wheelchair ever since. For health reasons, he had to take long breaks from concerts. At the end of 2014, he officially retired from the stage, but kept appearing with friends and family, especially at the opening of his daughter Nina Maron's exhibitions. His biggest hit: As a guest on "Phettbergs Nette Leit Show" Sigi Maron live:
The testers from the magazine " Verbraucher" tested 8 packaged salads. The tests were conducted in the refrigerated section of supermarkets and discounters. They were stored until the end of the best-before date (MHD). The tests were conducted in the laboratory. The tests were conducted in the laboratory in Austria. Pregnant, elderly and immunocompromised people should not eat pre-packaged, pre-cut salads. Mold and listeria The tests were conducted in Austria. The tests were conducted in the laboratory in Austria.
The label Lacoste has come up with a different kind of polo shirts for the new season. For the first time in 85 years, the brand has removed its famous crocodile logo from its polo shirts. Instead, customers can buy tops featuring ten other animal species. Only 30 Californian porpoises left In cooperation with the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the fashion house wants to draw attention to the fact that many animals are threatened with extinction. The "Save our Species" campaign aims to support the fight against extinction. The California condor, the Sumatran tiger and the California harbor porpoise are particularly endangered. The latter is only emblazoned on 30 polo shirts.
There are 19 female judges in the Harris County District Court in Texas. They are newly elected in the state of Texas. 17 of them were newly elected at the recent elections. This is reported by the BBC, among others. This partial result of the US elections is a remarkable success for the Democratic Party in Texas. After all, Democratic Senate candidate Beto O'Rourke won to Republican Ted Cruz in the state.
In the next few days, there will be a lot of colorful events in Vienna. The EuroPride Parade starts at 12 noon at Rathausplatz. From there, the parade procession moves against the direction of travel once around the ring and quay back to the EuroPride Village. There will also be live music and gastro stations from June 12th to 15th in the EuroPride Village on Rathausplatz and on June 14th and 15th in the EuroPride Park in Sigmund-Freud Park. For running enthusiasts there is the EuroPride Run on the Ringstrasse.
On hot days, tourists and Romans alike seek refreshment from the small drinking water fountains that stand on every street corner. The water fountains are spread all over Rome. Fresh water is still bubbling up, but from Friday the tap will be turned off for the 1.5 million Romans in Rome. The Italian water supply network in Italy is in urgent need of rehabilitation. The modernization would cost 5 billion euros. The maintenance of the water network has long been neglected in Italy. The environmental protection association Legambiente criticized the fact that an average of 39 percent of water is lost on the way to households. In Rome even half is lost.
The United Nations has spoken out in favor of starting negotiations on a ban on all nuclear weapons. The United Nations General Assembly voted on Thursday to convene two conferences in March and June to start such talks. Austria, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, Nigeria and South Africa introduced the resolution to the negotiations. 123 member states voted in favour, 38 against and 16 abstained. Several countries that possess nuclear weapons had previously opposed the document, most notably the United States. The UN General Assembly still has to approve the resolution.
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has published a report about the health and future of children in the world. The report states that the health and future of every child and young person in the world is under threat. Reasons include ecological destruction, climate change, and the use of junk foods such as fast food, sugary drinks, alcohol, and tobacco on children. It is estimated that around 250 million children under the age of 5 in low- and middle-income countries are at risk of not reaching their developmental potential. It is even more worrying that every child worldwide is being impacted by climate change and commercial pressure.
Johannes Voggenhuber is now running for the EU elections. He is a member of the list "Now". He said that he will not be running as a list now, nor as a list mushroom. He also invited the Greens and Othmar Karas to cooperate and take part in the campaign. If the Greens suggested a woman to him, she could run for second place on the platform. It remains to be seen whether this is particularly attractive for the Greens. Money from the list is to be raised via crowdfunding and from the list. Now, all other interested parties are invited to contact the list until the end of March. Then the list of candidates will be fixed. Of course: First place is awarded to Voggenhuber because the whole project was built around him. The election campaign is to be financed on the one hand via crowdfunding, but on the other hand also to a large extent from the "Liste Aktuell".
Hong Kong is the country's oldest captive panda. Jia Jia was put to sleep at a zoo in China's special administrative region on Sunday. She was 38 years old. She came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was born in the wilderness in Sichuan province in 1978 and came to Hong Kong in 1999. She was so exhausted that she lost a lot of weight in the past few days. The amount of their food intake went from more than ten kilograms a day to less than three.
Norbert Schnedl is the new leader of the powerful civil servants' union. He has 96.6 percent of the vote. He succeeds GÖD veteran Fritz Neugebauer and in order to step out of his shadow, you need something weighty in day-to-day political business. With his first announcement, Schnedl gets applause from the Red Party. Although he is the head of the Christian Union, i.e. a black man, the 56-year-old gets applause from the Red Party. This is not surprising, since he is calling for a radical reduction in working hours. More precisely, the 3.5-day week for everyone. With this demand, Schnedl opposes the ÖVP party line. As is well known, the People's Party calls for more flexible working hours, which has nothing to do with a reduction. And the more closely one listens to the party, the more often - especially in industrial circles - one hears calls for longer working hours. So Schnedl gets excited. In the KURIER interview on Thursday, the new boss of the civil servants' union specified his ideas. Schnedl says: "As far as time reduction is concerned, I would say that more is better than less - also for the desire for connected blocks of leisure time. We have to ensure that everyone benefits from digitization, not just employers."
The 27th New Year's Eve Trail in Vienna was held on January 27 from 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m. In the evening, nine locations in the city center were used. The festival culminated at midnight with two fireworks on Rathausplatz and in the Prater. Vienna "once again presented itself as a city of peaceful coexistence".
Women stroking their long, thick, shiny hair while smiling for the camera – that's what hair care product advertisements are all about. Hire a model who doesn't show his hair? So far, this has not been an option for beauty companies. L'Oréal Paris has taken a new approach for its current campaign and photographed a model with a hijab for the first time. Influencer Amena Khan was chosen to promote the company's Elvive line. According to her own statement, she had never expected the request from the French group. She doesn't understand why it's assumed that women who don't show their hair don't care for it.
The 34th Danube Island Festival will take place from June 23rd to 25th this year. The festival will be held from June 23rd to 25th. There are 11 stages on the Danube Island Festival. There will also be a Falco tribute concert on Saturday. The Scottish singer Amy McDonald and the German hip-hop artist with the panda mask will be honored on the island. The Falco tribute concert will take place there on Saturday. The German hip-hop band Fettes Brot, actress Birgit Minichmayr, Alkbottle, Gianna Nannini, Julian Le Play, cuddly singer Michael Bolton and Georgij Makazaria von Russkaja will perform on the island. Rainhard Fendrich will not only present his new album "Schworzoderweiss", but also classics like "Strada del Sole". The FM4 stage will honor the Munich band Moop Mama on Friday. Mando Diao and Der Nino from Vienna will perform there on Saturday, and Mattersburg's indie popper Garish on Sunday. Marianne Mendt and The Rats Are Back will be performing on the Radio Niederösterreich stage on Friday, followed by Hansi Hinterseer and Jazz Gitti on Saturday. And on the DJ/VJ stage, Futurezone editor and DJane Barbara Wimmer will be spinning as Shroombab.
The ORF has revised its TV library. It is now available with a new design and new functions. Among other things, users can personalize the TVthek more, and the navigation has also been renewed. New background color The new background color is black. The content is now presented in a grid pattern. If you move the mouse over it, preview videos start automatically. The start page has been completely redesigned, with "highlights" and thematic focuses. The navigation has also become more user-friendly, with direct access to the most important areas and to the favorites. The search function offers targeted suggestions. New sections New sections are on the one hand the "In Focus" topic page on major current topics, on the other hand the "Last Chance" - here the user is informed of content that will soon have to be removed from the TVthek due to the seven-day rule. There will also be references to the upcoming program with trailers etc. in the future. Desired topics The possibility of configuring your personal desired topics is completely new. Currently you can choose from the topic groups films & series, news, documentaries, life & lifestyle, culture, sports highlights, economy as well as shows & stars.
The traditional Viennese bakery Ankerbrot is now operating the first purely vegan branch in Vienna. For this purpose, the product range at the existing location in the Stephansplatz subway passage was changed. All animal products such as butter, eggs and milk were discontinued. Soy milk is served with the coffee. The pretzel sticks are topped with vegan cheese. In order to put the green stamp on the branch, it was colored green. Anker wants to give the vegan diet trend greater importance, according to a broadcast on Tuesday. After a three-day vegan pop-up store on Mariahilfer Strasse in November, the demand from customers, not just vegans, increased so much that Anker is now taking this into account. New vegan snack bars developed This branch sells special, newly developed vegan snack bars. The range currently includes over 50 products. No other vegan branches are planned, the company said at the request of the APA. Ankerbrot operates 110 branches in Austria and employs around 1,100 people. The company has been struggling with losses for years. The balance sheet for 2017 has not yet been published. For 2016, Ankerbrot Holding reported a loss of around 86,000. Sales fell significantly from 82.3 million to 71.9 million.
More and more Austrians are arming themselves and want to buy security. The number of burglaries in Austria in 2015 increased by 300 percent compared to the previous year. This is despite the fact that the number of burglaries fell by nine percent last year. Apartment doors are generally only offered as security doors. In contrast to apartments, only every second entrance door in single-family houses is a security door. The reason for this is that in houses, especially in other ways, you can break in via the basement window or the patio door. The demand for roller shutters and alarm systems has therefore increased among the owners of single-family homes. The insecurity is caused by politics and the media, says Reinhard Kreissl from the Institute for Legal and Criminal Sociology. Kreissl says that by becoming active and doing something yourself, insecurity can be reduced. Kreissl calls it a hype that will pass when the political and media reporting focuses on other topics again.
Horst Seehofer is the Federal Minister of the Interior of Germany. He has been in charge of the interior of the country for almost 6 months. He has also been in charge of the interior ministry for almost 6 months. It is a double burden that is too much for the 69-year-old. There are topics that didn't really interest him, there were rumors in Berlin. But Seehofer didn't want to know anything about that yesterday. "I am Federal Minister of the Interior and will continue to hold office," he said. So that office that brought him a lot of criticism, the country sometimes two government crises. It would offer many opportunities, especially in a country that seems divided on certain issues. But as soon as he took office, he sparked a debate about whether Islam belongs to Germany, without giving any constructive suggestions from it. A short time later, he announced his "master plan for migration" with a great deal of fanfare. But before he introduced him, he started a dispute with the CDU and threatened to resign, which almost broke up the CDU and coalition. The reason: Chancellor Angela Merkel saw potential political danger in Seehofer's plan to deport people directly to the border. She insisted on a European solution. After an ultimatum, a compromise was agreed. However, Seehofer never missed an opportunity to continue badmouthing him. Or to make jokes like about 69 refugees who were deported on his 69th birthday. And instead of commenting on the riots of right-wing extremists in Chemnitz, he let it be known that he understood the demonstrators. He also declared the migration issue to be the "mother of all problems" in Germany. Incidentally, he held his protective hand over the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, who has become a controversial statement. This not only aroused anger in the opposition, but the coalition partner SPD was also on edge. From then on, some comrades drummed for Seehofer's resignation as minister. According to his statement yesterday, SPD Vice Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart. Little self-criticism And Seehofer himself? He felt misunderstood and accused the media of defaming him: he was neither ill nor did he constantly argue - and it was awesome that he was portrayed as a "terrorist". He was referring to a Spiegel cover story that described him as "The Danger". You have to accept and cope with all of this, he explained shortly after the Bayern election. The fact that the CSU suffered heavy losses there was also due to Seehofer's appearance in Berlin. SPD Vice Vice Thomas Oppermann said: With Seehofer in office, the coalition could not restart.
The Association for Consumer Information (VKI) examined 208 types of Christmas cookies from the supermarkets. Among other things, vanilla crescents, gingerbread, dominoes, cinnamon stars, speculoos, tea biscuits, house biscuits and coconut cookies were examined. A third of the biscuits contained palm oil. It was striking that palm oil was also found in products that do not use fats or oils in the classic recipe. For example, not even half of the cinnamon stars and coconut balls were made without palm oil. The largest proportion of palm oil-free products was in gingerbread and dominoes. "Our survey shows once again that there is hardly a product group in the food sector in which at least some manufacturers do not use palm oil," explains VKI project manager Birgit Beck. For example in coconut balls, cinnamon stars or gingerbread, which, according to conventional recipes, are actually prepared without any fat at all." In the end, the only thing that helps people who want to buy palm oil-free products is to study the ingredients carefully. Even bold claims such as 'with butter' or references to "traditional preparation" are unfortunately no guarantee for palm oil-free products.
Kobe Bryant was a basketball star from the LA Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He played shooting guard for the Los Angeles Lakers from 1996 to 2016. He won 5 NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Kobe Bryant won the gold medal with Team USA and teammates such as LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul in the final against Spain and won it with the US team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, in turn against Spain. Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa and 3 other daughters.
Asfinag's section control systems have developed into the road maintenance company's cash cow. The route radar is now an indispensable part of any major motorway or expressway construction site. On the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria alone, 111,000 drivers fell into the speed trap in just 5 months last year. Since 80 percent of the fine goes to the road maintenance company, this brought more than 4 million euros into Asfinag's coffers. When the new section control goes into operation on the 13-kilometer construction site section of the southern autobahn near Wiener Neustadt this week, a similar fee is expected. Speeders, drivers and other traffic offenders give Asfinag an annual income of between 60 and 70 million euros. The fines are an indispensable part of the budget of the state motorway and expressway financing company. The money is earmarked: "It flows directly into the operation and construction of the route network and thus into increasing traffic safety," explains Asfinag spokeswoman Alexandra Vucsina-Valla. Without this contribution, many road construction projects would not be possible. The Section Control proves to be particularly effective - and in several respects. Not only does route monitoring make a significant contribution to reducing accidents, the complete and precise speed control is underestimated by drivers. 650 speed drivers fell into the speed trap on the A4 near Schwechat in Lower Austria. Day after day, 650 speed drivers fell into the speed trap - the Schwechat city police command was no longer able to keep up with issuing the anonymous decrees and penalties. The speed limit was 80 km/h. "The fastest was traveling at an average speed of 171 km/h. Unfortunately, many drivers drive much too fast, especially in the sensitive construction site areas," says Colonel Willy Konrath from the Lower Austria provincial transport department. The police are expecting a similar number of speed offenders as recently on the A4. Konrath considers the route radar to be much more effective and also fairer to drivers: "A radar device only records a point. Section control, on the other hand, measures speed behavior." "Multi Section Control" is the name of the latest generation of route radar. Multi because not only sections of the route on main lanes, but also access and exit roads are completely checked with it. The devices can also monitor various speed limits depending on the type of vehicle. The newly established Section Control on the 13-kilometer section of the autobahn between Wiener Neustadt and Grimmenstein in Lower Austria has a maximum speed of 80 km/h.
The United States Democratic Party has elected civil rights attorney and former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez as its new leader on Saturday. The 55-year-old, who actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, defeated Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison, a close associate of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders, who lost in the primary. In the Atlanta (Georgia) election, Perez got 235 votes, Ellison 200. Both candidates are considered progressive, but Perez is closer to the classic liberal party line and the establishment than his inferior competitor.
As part of this year's Christmas clemency campaign, the National Council President of Austria pardoned twelve prisoners. They will be released early from prison tomorrow, Monday. The annual Christmas amnesty is actually the responsibility of the Federal President - since there is currently no formal one, because Alexander Van der Bellen will not be sworn in until January, this task has been taken over by National Council President Doris Bures. She said that the Christmas amnesty has a long tradition in Austria, which should not be interrupted in this special year. With the decision, the Presidency followed the proposal of the Minister of Justice. Prisoners who have been imprisoned for less than 5 years are eligible for a pardon. At least one third of the sentence must already been served and the remainder of the sentence must not exceed 18 months. Offenders who have been convicted of sexual offences, serious violent offenses or drug offenses are excluded from the Christmas clemency campaign.
Because 75,700 new nursing staff will be needed by the year 2030, there is a risk of a nursing shortage. Caritas is promoting its 18 training centers for nursing and social professions. For this purpose, a school trial for nursing with a high school diploma will start in autumn at 5 locations in Austria, including Gaming in Lower Austria. Caritas President Michael Landau expresses the "quality care for all" announced by the new government. Just like the first measures taken in the direction of a nursing staff, he calls for rapid support so that people can switch more easily to nursing professions. Financial security during the retraining period would be a main requirement. "If we don't want our care system to become a need for care itself, we need good and attractive educational opportunities for young people, but also for career changers and those who want to work in care and in the social sector," says Landau.
Novak Djokovic won the Grand Slam Final at Wimbledon. It was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory. Only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of Djokovic, who was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, champion of the year 2001. It is his fifth Grand Slam victory - he caught up with Björn Borg, only Federer (eight) and Pete Sampras (seven) were more successful in the professional era (since 1968) at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club. The fans were over the moon and kept cheering on Djokovic. He won 7: 6 (5), 1: 6, 7: 6 (4), 4: 6, 13:12. At 4:57 hours it was the longest individual final in Wimbledon's history. The 32-year-old can look forward to his 16th Grand Slam victory - only Federer (20) and Rafael Nadal (18) are ahead of Djokovic, who was looked after by Goran Ivanisevic, champion of the year 2001. It is his fifth Grand Slam victory - he caught up with Björn Borg, only Federer (eight) and Pete Sampras (seven) were more successful in the professional era (since 1968).
The police stand-by unit in Vienna can now use tasers. Interior Minister Herbert Kickl passed a corresponding decree. The APA department announced that the necessary basic training should be completed by the end of May. A total of 20 stun guns are assigned to the officers of the Rapid Response Police Unit. So far, only members of the Cobra and WEGA units, the task force to combat street crime, selected members of the police detention centers and a few members of the Upper Austria standby unit have been authorized to work.
The German Toy Dealers Association of German Toy Dealers (VEDES) in Germany, Austria and Switzerland has to recall the wooden roller coaster with 3 roller-coasters of the SpielMaus Holz trademark. The roller coaster can become detached from the cars. These individual parts can pose a potential risk of suffocation for small children. There are around 3500 pieces in total, which have been sold through VEDES wholesale since January 2016 and to specialist dealers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg. Consumers who own this product can return it free of charge to the store where it was purchased. You will then be refunded the purchase price. More information is available on the Internet at www.vedes.com/rueckruf. At this point, it is expressly pointed out again, that there have been no injuries or damage known to the company. VEDES would like to minimize any risk and, as the "distributor" in the European Union, sees itself as having an obligation to withdraw the product from circulation for the benefit of consumers.
The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study. The University of Natural Resources and Applied Life Sciences in Vienna presented a new study with the support of the Austrian Food Safety Agency. According to the available data, "no increased risk for this active substance compared to other approved herbicides" could be derived for glyphosate-contained plant protection products. According to the author of the study, university professor Siegrid Steinkellner, there is no reliable evidence that glyphosate affects biodiversity more than other weed control measures. The study also took into account the classification of the International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ), according to which glyphosate is "probably carcinogenic". The IARC has classified glyphosate in the same category of danger as sausage. High consumption of sausage or ham also increases the risk of cancer.
Austria's football champion Salzburg continues to rely on continuity. Christoph Freund has signed a new contract with Salzburg until the end of May 2020. "I'm delighted with this vote of confidence and the recognition of the successful work we're doing at FC Red Bull Salzburg," the 39-year-old from Salzburg was quoted as saying. "At the same time, however, it is also an obligation to consistently continue on this path with our great team. That means discovering, developing and integrating top young talents into the fighting team, winning titles in Austria and always providing positive surprises internationally".
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos wants to donate the prize money for the Nobel Peace Prize to the victims of the decades-long conflict in Colombia. After talking to his family, he decided to make the equivalent of around 820,000 euros available to the victims of the civil war.
The first Harry Potter fan event took place in Rosenburg Castle in Lower Austria, in the Horn district. The reason for this was the first domestic Harry Potter fan event. At the convention, the "Potterheads", as fans of the magic saga are called, got up close and personal with some of the characters from the Harry Potter books. The big highlight was Jason Isaacs. The British actor played the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy. The event was made possible by the "Vienna Vanguards", a team from Austria. The game principle is similar to rugby, handball and ice hockey. The players cannot mount the flying broomstick, they must instead grab a dummy broomstick between their legs and walk with it. The strikers, or "chasers" as they were originally called, must throw the cue ball into one of three hoops. There are ten points for each goal. The defenders, or "drivers", throw balls at the opponents in order to take them out of the game for a short time.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, has been arrested in an impeachment trial in the United States Senate. The Senate is the main court in the US presidential elections. The Senate is the highest court in the United States of America. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President. The Senate will decide whether to impeach Trump or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach the President or not. The Senate will decide whether to impeach Trump or not.
On January 25th, the FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" in Vienna. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against fascism and neo-Nazism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against fascism and neo-fascism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball". The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ will again organize the " Akademikerball" against right-wing extremism and international right-wing extremism. The FPÖ asked the FPÖ not to lose their composure again this year. The demonstration on the evening of the ball begins at 5 p.m. in front of the University of Vienna.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. The Great Barrier Reef is located off the coast of Australia. The Great Barrier Reef is 1,500 kilometers long. Corals are cnidarians that live in a mutually beneficial community with algae. At high temperatures, the algae become toxic, the corals repel them and lose their color.
The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association warned that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. The employees of the Vienna Animal Welfare Association warned that not every wild animal that seems abandoned needs help. "Young animals that are not obviously seriously injured should not be touched by human hands or taken home," the animal rights activists warned. They receive dozens of calls from concerned citizens every day. In particular, supposedly motherless ducklings are reported, but also young hares or squirrels and birds such as blackbirds, tits and crows. Humans often intervene too early. If a wild animal is obviously badly injured, you should call the professionals. You can also contact the Animal Welfare Association if ducks do not choose breeding sites that are appropriate to their species, such as balconies or house ledges.
Born in 2 minutes, not only in 2 days, but also in different years: this is the fate of Italian twin boys born on New Year's Eve at the Gemelli Clinic in Rome. Andrea was born on December 31 at 11:59 p.m., his brother Fabio was born on January 1 at 12:01 a.m. Both babies are doing well, an uncle was saying in the newspaper. The boys weigh more than two kilos and didn't even have to pee.
In the Galapagos Islands, where the Galapagos Islands are located, a giant tortoise has been found. This giant tortoise is called Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra. Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra phantasticus. Chelonoidis nigra is a subspecies of the subspecies Chelonoidis nigra. Chelonoidis nigra is a subspecies of Chelonoidis nigra. Chelonoidis nigra is a subspecies of Chelonoidis nigra.
The Austrian team players will not have time to look at Group D the day before their decider against Iceland, but the outcome could still affect them. Because: If Austria climbs up third in the group, the winner of Group D is waiting. Spain had the best chances before the last matchday, a draw was enough for the defending champions in the duel with Croatia in Bordeaux. The Croatians, on the other hand, also knew before kick-off that they were through, but from first to third place anything was still possible. In the parallel game in Lens, both the Czech Republic and Turkey needed a win, and the still pointless Turks even needed a big win to make it into the round of 16 as one of the 4 best third-placed teams.
The government and opposition have been arguing about the new Working Hours Act for days. The government has promised improvements, which the opposition is now insisting on more and more loudly. In view of the "daily individual cases", the SPÖ speaks of the "tip of the iceberg", a "high number of unreported cases" and the need for a completely new law that creates legal certainty. One is ready to negotiate, says SPÖ boss Pamela Rendi-Wagner. Social Affairs Minister Beate Hartinger-Klein promised a decree to the labor inspectorates for strict tests. Are hindsight checks sufficient? The hoteliers' association is also calling for the law to be clarified. Because: “Is it still voluntary if you have voluntarily agreed that it is in the roster? Because the second it's in the roster, it's actually no longer voluntary," says ÖHV President Michaela Reitterer.
The Netherlands have introduced 100 km/h on the motorways. This is necessary because the emission of nitrogen oxides has long been too high. The Netherlands are the next European country to prescribe 100 km/h as the maximum speed. That is tantamount to a 180-degree turnaround. A few years ago, Rutte's right-wing liberal party VVD was instrumental in ensuring that the Dutch motorway speed limit was increased from 120 to 130 in many places. The new limit is well received by the Dutch population. The Dutch traffic club ANBW determined in a survey that 51 percent of Dutch people perceive the new limit as positive.
Chestnuts are one of the most popular winter snacks. The chestnuts are harvested between September and December. Chestnuts are a special breeding of chestnuts. The chestnuts are eaten in autumn and the winter months. The chestnuts are also known as the sweet chestnuts. The chestnuts also contain many vitamins and minerals. Chestnuts are also very good for the body. Here is what you need to know about chestnuts: 1. Complex carbohydrates The complex carbohydrates make chestnuts an excellent filler. While white bread or light-colored pasta can quickly raise blood sugar levels, chestnuts ensure a slow, gradual increase. This in turn ensures a long-lasting feeling of satiety with a stable insulin level. Even the energy low that is typical of carbohydrate-rich foods does not occur after consuming chestnuts. 2. Rich in potassium The high potassium content (approx. 740 grams per 100 grams of chestnuts) makes chestnuts an alkaline food. Potassium neutralizes excess sodium in the body and promotes elimination through the kidneys. If you lower the sodium intake from high-salt food, you can prevent strokes, cardiovascular diseases or cardiac arrhythmias. 3. Important B vitamins Without B vitamins, nothing works in the body, since all B vitamins are important for carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. Chestnuts provide vitamins B1 and B2. The former is particularly important for the carbohydrate metabolism of the nerves, brain and muscles. The latter plays a special role in converting fats, proteins and carbohydrates into nutrients. 4. Lots of vitamin C The winter snack can also score points when it comes to the vitamin C content. Compared to other filling foods such as potatoes, lentils or soy, chestnuts provide a lot of vitamin C. Studies show that vitamin C lowers cholesterol levels and is therefore good for the heart. 5. Good fat Chestnuts not only have a positive effect on cholesterol levels because of their vitamin C content. Monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids are also beneficial. 6. Antioxidative potential The secondary plant substances contained in chestnuts are characterized by a high antioxidant potential and a strong anti-inflammatory effect. This is what you need to know about chestnuts:
With the modernization of its fire-fighting vehicle fleet, Vienna Airport is aiming to move up to category ten, the world's top security level. For this purpose, 6 of the most modern airport extinguishers will be purchased this year and next year from the workshops of the Upper Austrian fire brigade supplier Rosenbauer in Leonding.
A trip to the Prater for four students from a Mariahilfer Gymnasium in Vienna ended with a severe skin rash and acute itching. Because although the students had kept away from oak trees to be on the safe side, the young people came into contact with the fine, poisonous hairs of the oak processionary moth. The mother of a student tolds the KURIER. A similar incident is said to have happened in the Lainzer Tiergarten these days. A children's playground there had to be closed because of the caterpillars. In principle, however, the problem is everywhere where there are oaks, says Vienna's forest director Andreas Januskovecz. In the nature reserve, one is limited to providing information about the risk, says Januskovecz. It is best to stay away from oak trees where the caterpillars gather.
On the Aegean island of Kos, Greece, a strong earthquake has killed at least 2 people and caused panic among the residents. The Greek state broadcaster (ERT) spoke of at least 120 injuries. The marina of the island capital of the same name Kos was hit by a small earthquake, buildings showed cracks or even collapsed in some cases. In Turkey, whose southwest coast is only a few kilometers from Kos and was also shaken, no people were injured according to initial knowledge. The dead were tourists, no further information at the moment Rescue teams with two helicopters and one plane were sent to Kos from Athens. According to Mayor Giorgos Kyritsis, damage occurred especially in the center of the city, where dozens of bars are located. At the time of the quake early Friday morning (local time), bars in Kos' main square were full of people. The roof of a bar was collapsed, the mayor told ERT broadcaster. The two young tourists are said to have died there. There was no information about her nationality. According to firefighters, a bar collapsed in the center of Kos. The two fatalities were hit by rubble on the street, a journalist reported to radio station Skai. Three of the patients taken to the hospital were seriously injured but not in mortal danger, ERT reported, citing doctors at the clinic. Turkey also affected Greek television showed images of the collapsed walls of the castle in the old town. Eyewitnesses reported that the waves triggered by the tsunami would have flooded the waterfront. Several boats were damaged and at least one was washed ashore. In Turkey, most earthquakes occur in Greece, the southern parts of the Balkans and Italy. Some people would spend the night outside in fear of more aftershocks. It was not until mid-June that the earth trembled on the islands of Lesbos, Chios and on the west coast of Turkey. One person died on Lesvos and many houses were destroyed. The head of the earthquake agency, Efthymios Lekkas, said on Greek radio that the earthquake had a magnitude of 6.5. The US Earthquake Monitor (USGS) gave the magnitude as 6.7. According to the Greek earthquake agency, the center of the earthquake was near the Turkish coastal city of Bodrum. Bodrum is about ten kilometers away from Kos. According to the European Seismological Center, around 1 million people live in the region where the earthquake was felt. Residents of Kos and Bodrum have been advised to stay away from beaches and damaged buildings. The governor of the province of Mugla, Esengul Civelek, told the state news agency Anadolu that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage. "We were able to contact all districts," said Civelek, even if there were some problems with the power supply. Some people would spend the night outdoors for fear of more aftershocks. The head of the earthquake agency, Efthymios Lekkas, said on Greek radio that the earthquake had a magnitude of 6.5. The head of the earthquake agency, Efthymios Lekkas, said on Greek radio that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage. The governor of the province of Mugla, Esengul Civelek, told the state news agency Anadolu that so far there have been no reports of casualties or structural damage.
For Natascha's parents, it goes without saying: "Because our daughter fell ill with lymph node cancer in April this year, we stumbled across the calendar of events for the 10th cancer research run at Vienna General Hospital just a few weeks later. It was immediately clear to us that we would take part in this event - no matter how the course of the disease develops." The parents now know that Natascha has overcome the illness: And many of the family members, friends, classmates of Natascha and work colleagues of the parents will start next Saturday.
In Austria, sparkling wine sales have collapsed by 20 percent since the sparkling wine tax was reintroduced in 2014. The additional 75 cents that now have to be delivered for each bottle of sparkling wine sold have caused the sparkling wine market to collapse by 20 percent. The finance minister in 2015 brought in 15 million euros. The corks only popped at the Frizzante and Prosecco manufacturers, who are exempt from the tax. They had sales increases in the double-digit percentage range. In the previous year alone, 14 million bottles of frizzante were sold in Austria, plus 1 million bottles of champagne.
Kimi Raikkonen is almost part of Ferrari's inventory, and Mercedes has had Valtteri Bottas on the gas since the beginning of the year. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice? Sleazy games Experts like Pat Symonds agree. The Briton was once Michael Schumacher's engineer at Benton and until the end of 2016 he was the technical director of Mercedes. He has the right car for it. The new Silver Arrow, which was tested after two days of testing, is one of the best of the year even after the rule reform. Bottas frees himself from the pressure with a not untypical wussiness of the Finns. "The good thing about racing is that one thing never changes: It's about getting absolutely everything out of the car." Nevertheless, he looks a little pale during the first important days of work as one of the most important Mercedes employees. Which is not (only) due to his Nordic complexion. Bottas does not possess that cool and iconic attitude of teammate Hamilton, nor the sophisticated but down-to-earth demeanor of his predecessor Rosberg. Bottas is not a bad choice for Mercedes, judging by the driving potential and even the availability most logical in the entire field. But is he the right choice?
Soaps are there to clean hands. But is it possible that the hygiene product really comes into contact with bacteria? The answer is: no. And that is also proven. In a series of experiments, researchers contaminated their hands with around 5 billion bacteria. These include strains that can cause diseases in humans, such as staphylococci and Escherichia coli. The scientists washed their hands with a bar of soap - and then had a second person use the bar of soap they used to wash their hands. It showed that the bacteria were not transmitted. The amount of bacteria that can be found on a bar of soap does not pose a health risk, even under extreme conditions of use. In 1988, a soap manufacturer commissioned a similar study. For the survey, 16 sample ends were allowed to handle the bar of soap and then the degree of bacterial contamination on the hands was determined. Again, no bacteria could be detected after hand washing. Soaps do not promote the transmission of diseases. On the contrary: they prevent the spread of infections. This applies to influenza as well as to infections that can occur in hospitals, for example.
For the stressed-out Japanese, there's nothing more relaxing than a hot soak in the onsen. But not only they love their baths fed by natural hot springs. Wild snow monkeys, also known as Japanese macaques or red-faced macaques, in Japan's famous Jigokudani Monkey Park also indulge in a hot bath in the onsen under the prying eyes of tourists. But they don't do it primarily to warm up. They do it to relieve stress in the cold weather.