Timon and Ella are getting married in our hometown. I'm not going to my sister's wedding, but Timon is going to his cousin's wedding. I'm not sure if I'm ready for a relationship with Timon or not.
The question of where I come from has taken up more and more space in GC's life. She doesn't want a father, emphasizes GC, because she already has one. "I'm concerned with the question of my parentage. For example, I would be very interested to know what my father looks like, what he works for or what nationality he is." She only knows that he was a student.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation. The regulation makes it illegal for customers to extend their subscriptions during shutdowns. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The regulation contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Kanye West (43) has been photographed at home with DJ Khaled (45) with his wedding ring, and there are already new rumors about his love life. After his divorce from reality star Kim Kardashian (40), he now seems to have found happiness with model Irina Shayk (35). According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th. On December 30, 2020, there were still 119 people. 21 people had to be ventilated on Monday. Of the 49 available intensive care beds, 43 were occupied at 7 a.m. on Monday morning, which corresponds to an occupancy rate of 88 percent. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm. 56 countries around the world have already ordered from the Chinese manufacturer.
Susanna Ohlen reported for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
The hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur will play in the Swiss Cup this Tuesday night. The match will be a first for FCB alongside the VAR. Davide Callà: The games were always hard-fought, emotional and often decided by controversial decisions. This time the VAR comes along and that's why scenes like this shouldn't happen again. We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day. To be honest, one has to say that Thun was not in the form after the winter break and FC St. Gallen was not as strong as it was in the third and fourth quarters of the championship. We were in good spirits at the end of the season and would have liked to have continued playing, but then the break came.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
The so-called Silver Sparrow malware has been detected on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea attacked two ZVB bus inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on them before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed. The recalcitrant passenger has to answer to authorities and officials for violence and threats, among other things. He was admitted to a clinic by the emergency psychiatrist.
The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday on the curfew for restaurants, bars and clubs. Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. "People should go on a culinary voyage of discovery, and the pubs will get new guests," explains Best of Swiss Gastro CEO Andreas Krumes.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Marco Rima (59) has been criticized on social media for his "bad guy" comments. The comedian was criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
In France a family drove a minibus off the A7 motorway on Monday evening. Five children died in the accident. Four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries. An investigation into the incident has been launched.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them. Among other things, the participants swallowed one of these sensors, which sent their body temperature and other data to computers until it was naturally excreted. They followed their own biological clock to know when it was time to wake up, sleep and eat.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrated his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. His second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
Circumcision of boys has been officially banned in Switzerland since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. "From a purely objective point of view" one could regard a boy's circumcision as "simple bodily harm". However, since the state is only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel is celebrating the European Championship with three flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. But not everyone is so harsh on the new Zweifel chips: "The bacon and egg chips taste a bit like sulphur, but they're not bad," says Ken, 33, in a 20-minute street poll.
Because they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs, but the police judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs.
The most accurate Swiss footballers are Cephas Malele and Haris Seferovic. The former FCZ junior has scored 18 goals this season and is the second most dangerous Swiss footballer. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has been locked since mid-September. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown.
Noelia, you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her residence in Adligenswil on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations. Hungary has been pilloried in the EU for its treatment of homosexuals; a controversial law restricting information about homosexuals comes into force in the country on Thursday and Transsexuality in force.
"Domina" is a Swiss drama series. It will be the first time that a Swiss actor will be on a TV series. The series will be shown on June 3rd.
In the Austrian National Assembly on Thursday, Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick". Among other things, two children from Bern are said to be among the victims of the 38-year-old.
The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity. So far, 28.8 percent of the population have had themselves vaccinated twice. Great Britain has set itself clearer goals: the government there has defined its goal of immunizing 60 percent of the adult population. US President Joe Biden plans to vaccinate 70 percent of the population with at least one dose by July 4. The Chinese government said it wanted to vaccinate 80 percent of the more than 1.3 billion Chinese by the end of the year.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
"Kanye West was with me for about three and a half hours," says Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter. On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with him along with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill.
In the night of July 28th to 29th, 2019, there was a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. A mentally ill man started the fire. For more than two years, the man had heard voices telling him that he was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. Neither the consumption of cannabis and amphetamines nor the threat to his imaginary prompters that he would set something on fire silenced them.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The allegation came to light as his staff followed his March 3 press conference, the first since allegations were made at the end of February, according to the newspaper.
Ermedin Demirovic scored three goals in the Bundesliga this season and set up seven assists. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen plays in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg. He says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench. But he fought, worked hard and gave it his all in training. The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse - the murders are increasing and the residents are afraid of an evil spirit. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great.
The low "Gudrun" has already passed over western Switzerland, in the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn. There are heavy downpours and thunderstorms, as Meteonews writes.
The sales of the St. Gallen Olma bratwurst were weak this year. Butchers can be satisfied. A striking difference could be determined this year, namely that consumer behavior has changed significantly. "There was an extreme shift in consumption this year," notes Bolliger.
If the disease never ends: A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected.
This year's Digital Days will be held from November 1st to 3rd, 2020. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
32-year-old Swiss man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. In a video on YouTube, the couple say that the dog used to be aggressive, but never towards their own family like it is now. In the video, the two explain that they tried to find him a new home without children.
Sri Lanka is one of the world's leading exporters of sapphires and other precious stones. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspects. The thieves are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. According to the BAG, the more users use the app, the higher "the effectiveness and the probability that relevant contacts can be identified and reported". But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands are on the quarantine list of risk countries. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer. The measures that apply in and around the hotel are not comparable to those in Switzerland.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". The "New York Times" writes in a detailed article.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). Already on Inauguration Day, she wowed the world with a chic "Miu Miu" coat. Shortly thereafter, she was signed by the modeling agency IMG Models. The agency's portfolio includes superstars such as Gisele Bundchen (40) and Bella Bella (24) and Gigi Hadid (25). Now the 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler.
Team games are banned, a mask must be worn at all times and going out has become rarer: strict measures have been in place inside the military barracks for months. In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is now starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school.
A luxury playhouse for children can cost up to 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, they are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The "Silent Protest" association has announced a demonstration for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression. "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick". For the time being there will be collection points in 64 branches. The bags are subject to a charge and can be obtained at the cash desk and at the information desk.
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver then fled. The 19-year-old was drunk and drove in the Mercedes. He probably exceeded the maximum speed on his journey and violated various traffic regulations.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-Air crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
The video on Tiktok has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area condemns the act in the strongest terms and do not regard it as a rascal prank.
Jeff Bridges has reportedly been diagnosed with cancer. On his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on the social media channels. In the posts, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of low-sulphur oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. The ship has been breached in recent days.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. According to the newspaper "Bund", the canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual. In Sri Lanka, many people still believe in magic. They assume that this will heal them from ailments, or help to solve family disputes and financial problems, among other things.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is already the third case. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says police spokesman Christoph Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place in Frauenfeld, Switzerland. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site". The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place for the first time and went well".
The Corona unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber from Widnau SG has complained about the noise of the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over. In addition, Sieber is irritated by a report for which measurements were carried out over a year. The canton promises that the condition of the joint mentioned by Sieber will be checked and repaired if necessary and that the lawyer will have received the documents.
Andrea Strähl from Basel has posted on Facebook a picture of a child sitting begging on the Middle Bridge. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," she says.
Kendall Jenner's dressing room is a work of art by the US artist James Turrell (77). It's a work by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. Traveling to other dimensions would be so much nicer, pfff. "Even in summer," says the model. Sure, the smell and the crackling are cozy, but firing up in Los Angeles when it's over 30 degrees? Only a Kardashian-Jenner can be that extra.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona virus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
The social media platform Parler has climbed to the top of the most downloaded free apps in the US in the past few days. It's a social network that describes itself as non-biased and advertises freedom of speech. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas. Similarly, posts claiming that the US presidential election involved fraud and that the actual winner of the election was not Joe Biden but Donald Trump. A petition is openly called for on Parler, collecting signatures to launch an investigation into the matter. In fact, the hashtag #StopTheSteal has become one of the most used hashtags on Parler on Thursday with more than 100,000 posts, as reported by Spiegel.de. However, not everything is legal on Parler either.
Rapper Cardi B (28) tweeted about Peppa Pig on Twitter. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. "This shit gets on my nerves! She breaks her Uggs," Cardi wrote on Twitter. "Peppa Pig" is a British animated children's series that has achieved cult status around the world. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
It is not yet possible to estimate the long-term consequences of an infection with the novel corona virus. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. In 78 of the 100 participants aged between 45 and 53, the scientists found inflammatory changes in the heart muscle or the pericardium. This also applies to those patients who had only had a mild course or whose illness was symptom-free and who had previously been healthy and sporty.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The Bernards advertise that they offer "complete but affordable funerals" and have been known for their quirky TV commercials in recent years. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back".
On Friday, 4249 people were tested for the corona virus during the area tests. Of these, 38 received a positive test result, according to a statement from the canton of Graubünden. Accordingly, the first day of testing went "smoothly".
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
Nina Christen is involved in the three-position final right from the start. After three of five series, the bronze winner over ten meters is suddenly on the silver rank. Shortly thereafter, Christen even leads the field. The Swiss scores two more direct hits and actually crowns her furious race to catch up with the Olympic title! In the end, the 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard - an Olympic record.
In France, the curfew has been in force for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. The animal jumped zigzag across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. Then he threw it away.
The United States vs. Billie Holiday focuses on the last twelve years of her life. The protest song, which depicts a lynching in the southern United States, became the voice of the civil rights movement.
In this episode "Fernweh" talks about South Africa, Switzerland, Switzerland and more. In this episode, Ennie talks about her first trip to South Africa and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday at the Boca Bombonera stadium in Argentina. Thousands of people gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. Electronic billboards above the city freeway and in subway entrances read: "Thank you Diego". "Today is a very sad day for all Argentines," said President Alberto Fernández on TV channel TyC Sports.
The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP). Nevertheless, invitations to Halloween parties are being sent out in Switzerland, while many public parties have been cancelled.
The annual table for the season of 2021 has been released. As the fourth-best team of the year, Servette has just won two points more than FC Sion in last place. The annual table for 2021 is as follows: YB -10 games, 24 points, FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi, a five-year-old Afghan, was born in Kabul. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza's father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The family had previously applied for asylum in Pakistan, but this was not approved due to lack of funds.
Valentine's Day is the most romantic day of the year, according to the dating app Tinder. Since October last year, the Tinder app has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. A special problem: The American footballers in Switzerland. A squad consists of about 40-60 people. In a game, around 100 people would meet – there is no place for that in the new Federal Council ordinance. The season should start on June 19th.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. After a Belgian woman became infected during a skiing holiday in Switzerland, 5,000 Belgians had to be quarantined. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
The attack on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse was carried out by a highly specialized and heavily armed group whose members spoke Spanish or English. According to eyewitnesses, when they entered Moïses' property, they called "DEA-Operation", as the newspaper "Le Nouvelliste" reported, citing investigating judge Carl Henry Destin. Meanwhile, emotions were running high on the streets of Port-au-Prince.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
In Indianapolis, Indiana, a 19-year-old ex-employee shot himself after a gun attack with a rifle. The police are still investigating what led to the gun attack. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases. Biden just last week ordered new measures to curb gun violence in the country. For significant tightening of gun laws, however, he needs majorities in Congress. The conservative Republicans have been fighting against tightening of the law for years.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights. "There are a few very embarrassing ones that I'd rather not repeat now," laughs "Supreme Show" host Moe.
The Covid-19 Task Force estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The estimate of the R value only ever indicates a trend as to how the number of infections developed around two weeks ago. The task force therefore does not focus on daily R values, but takes into account the 7-day average together with other indicators when assessing the situation.
The Jungfrau Railways have not yet sold any VIP passes: "We have already had many registrations for the VIP packages for CHF 12,000," says Kessler. He told all interested parties that they should come and see the product first and only then buy it. In a good year, the Jungfrau Railways smuggle more than a million guests to the 3463 meter high Jungfraujoch - and this will go much faster in the future.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
Ken's childhood was anything but easy: his mother and sister were heroin addicts, and his mother also dealt at home. More than once, Ken had to pull the needle out of his mother's arm when she was stoned on the floor. When Ken was 18, his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. He found her dead in the apartment.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
The Ethiopian People's Liberation Front (TPLF) has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available. What is the conflict about? A brief overview.
After 20 years, the Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland. Make a bold mark on your calendar for Sunday, September 19 - whether you want to compete yourself or applaud the chord crash landings from the shore. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for a second term in the White House in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago, when asked.
The pesticide initiative in Switzerland could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
Drones provide beautiful landscape images and have become a popular toy for hobby pilots in recent years. With the increasing popularity, the number of drones in the airspace has also grown. As the St. Gallen-Altenrhein airport writes, many airports are blind to this danger and would have to use binoculars to detect drones in the vicinity.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram account on Monday. She announced her second album on Monday. On Monday evening, she released her new single "Medusa" via Spotify. It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
A woman left her phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. A motorcyclist drove behind her. The woman suffered undetermined injuries. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer is against using the National Bank. "There is no reason to claim additional funds from the National Bank. It has another task that is currently underestimated. It has to support the franc exchange rate. If it didn't do anything in this area, we would probably have parity with the euro, what would be a disaster for the export industry," he said. The National Bank should not be allowed to pay the state's debts.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday.
Reto Moser from Bern is proud of his son's graduation ceremony. However, the father's anticipation of the graduation ceremony suffered a setback. According to the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS). He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. Experts praise him for his digitization experience. Horta-Osório is a top manager who, with over 30 years of experience, covers all important business areas of CS: The private customer business, because he comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011. He is familiar with investment banking from his work at Goldman Sachs and has gained experience abroad, for example in South America for the Spanish bank Santander. Banking expert Lucatelli praises CS for choosing an external solution that can make unbiased decisions.
Donald Trump believes Pfizer deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The perpetrators were probably very well organized.
Vielen Dank für die Teilnahme Vielen Dank für die Teilnahme! Thank you for participating!
In September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, a 36-year-old man was observed by a work colleague in the Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil. The accused is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you.
A floating bed on a farm above Fischingen offers visitors a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm. If the weather doesn't allow it, guests can stay in a private room with a double bed, which is located above a goat pen.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. That was the good news. The bad: Gigi doesn't reveal much in the new photos either. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs.
At the Queen's London estate, you usually get a roof over your head with your job. At the Queen's London estate, in addition to gardening, you usually get a roof over your head with your job. The salary is also not noted, although in the past for a comparable position you usually received an initial salary of between 25,000 and 32,000 francs per year.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
M.*, a service engineer, drove a car every day. Although he never drove stoned, the office orders a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final? At first glance, the central Swiss seem to be the clear favourites.
Australia is a hotspot for Hollywood stars. It's where the biggest names of the world are filming. The Australian government has pumped the equivalent of 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz has a bad day. He founded Outletking.ch and found a stolen Audi Q5 in the Emmental. The man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized. The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The details are currently the subject of investigations".
Mike was a parasite, but he stole from her. Serena is now single and childless. But she says Mike took all of that from her that night. "When I met Mike, I was working as a broker in Germany. The job was great, but I felt lonely. That's when Mike and I started chatting online. He was sweet, funny, intelligent - and incredibly bold. I only realized that later. Mike was never violent, but he stole from me. I was young and stupid. Today I could slap myself for seeing him like that.
"Who we were" is a documentary about how things are with our planet. It takes us to impressive locations, including the depths of the ocean, to the contaminated zone of Fukushima and into space. A film as a research trip, that's what drove Bauder: "We have information that didn't exist years ago. So how can I network this information and get people out of their passivity?" Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst.
In Switzerland, every second woman is sent unsolicited penis pictures. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage pregnant women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. He wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The reason: a massive breakdown in corona tests on Bavarian motorways.
The 16 Bernese who had to answer in court after the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
The Polish workers at the Basel Industrial Works are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. For example, on ten-hour days they are supposed to state that they have taken a two-hour break and still work on the days that are actually non-working without being stamped in. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
In Mauritius, more than 1000 tons of oil ran out of the freighter Wakashio in the past few days. The state did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground. "I cannot explain why nothing was done. Perhaps the danger was not taken seriously enough," says the real estate agent. The first to get involved were the locals: "When oil ran into the sea, the locals took the initiative," says Valeria Ivic (22).
The SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter holidays. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi to 20 minutes. The SBB explains that it will not advertise the extra trains, but will draw attention to the protection concepts. If you don't want to gamble on whether you can still get a seat on the extra train at Easter, the SBB advises: "Seat reservations are possible".
Hail, heavy rain, flooded streets and debris flows: Sunday's thunderstorm hit the canton of Lucerne hard. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
Gwyneth Paltrow is suffering from the effects of Covid-19. She is now following alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's "Intuitive Fasting" diet.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams". "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Previously, changes had to be renegotiated each time.
A higher court in the canton of Aargau ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted. However, the responsible department rejected the request to delete the gender entry. P. then lodged a complaint with the Aargau High Court with the support of the "Transgender Network Switzerland" (TGNS).
Just seconds after the race, Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. He was able to save himself from the fire inferno. But how did this horror crash come about? An investigation has revealed that various technical things in the car saved Grosjean's life and cushioned the force of the impact.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer, 33-year-old goalie from Switzerland, was asked to feature his fencing video on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tiktok. He said: "We would love to feature your incredible goalie fencing video on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tiktok". What does the NHL want with a video of a fencer? Once seen, everything makes sense. Because there is the 33-year-old from central Switzerland in his fencing gear in an ice hockey goal - and lets pucks shoot at him from a machine. And what does Heinzer do? He fends off the discs with his sword.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon. According to the cantonal police in Basel-Stadt, a tip had previously been received that there could be a hand grenade in the studio behind the building of a recently deceased person. After an initial clarification, the police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
"Money Heist" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. The series tells the story of three women who were trafficked to the brothel. The production duo spoke with victims of human trafficking, read their stories and watched documentaries. "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In the "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) tests, the network quality in the stores of major retailers is poor. The problem is that phone calls are only possible via services such as Whatsapp or Signal. In addition, communication via public networks is potentially insecure. According to the report, a separate radio cell for a branch can quickly cost tens of thousands of francs. Lidl seems to be more consistent here: According to spokesman Mathias Kaufmann, the company has made improvements in the branches where poor cell phone reception was measured and installed repeaters or its own radio cells. The explanation for the poor reception is more likely to be found in the fact that efficient solutions such as the use of repeaters, i.e. amplifiers for the existing radio signal from outside, are significantly more expensive than your own WLAN. According to information from Migros and Coop, such are installed in some branches, but as the test shows, the problem of poor network reception persists in many shops. Lidl seems to be more consistent here: According to spokesman Mathias Kaufmann, the company has made improvements in the branches where poor cell phone reception was measured and installed repeaters or its own radio cells.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has retired from tennis. The 32-year-old French-speaking tenniswoman announced her resignation on Instagram. She also thanked her family and friends in her posts on Instagram.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. Among other things, an official published a photo of a black Santa Claus, writing: "There will be no white Christmas this year". The "SonntagsZeitung" reports that personnel law procedures have been initiated in two cases.