I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings.
GC has never felt like a stranger in the family, says GC. She doesn't want a father, emphasizes GC, because she already has one. The question of where she came from has been taking up more and more space in her life.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household employees take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Lifting weights in the studio and pedaling on the treadmill - that's not possible at the moment: fitness centers are closed because of Corona. Many companies rely on subscription extensions during shutdown. But that doesn't suit all customers.
Kanye West (43) has been photographed at home with DJ Khaled (45) with his wedding ring, and there are already new rumors about his love life. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday - and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported.
In the US, teachers who have sex with their underage students are sex offenders under the law. In the US, they face many years in prison and life imprisonment on the pedophile convict register. Nevertheless, such situations occur again and again. The case of Washington State English teacher Mary Kay Letourneau was probably the most well-known of its kind in the United States.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
Susanna Ohlen (39) reported last Sunday for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
JBS from Brazil has become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved. JBS initially did not give any further details. According to the US government, the hackers also demanded a ransom.
In the Champions League, the Bernese have to play in the first round against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
Davide Callà talks about the match between Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions. Most recently, the two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win. That should change on Tuesday evening (here live from 8:15 p.m.). FCW captain and former FCB player Davide Callà is hoping for the first win against Basel. Davide Callà: The games were always hard-fought, emotional and often decided by controversial decisions. This time the VAR comes along and that's why scenes like this shouldn't happen again. We're also playing away from home for the first time against FCB. This is also a first for us alongside the VAR.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives.
Silver Sparrow is a new type of malware that appears on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. He was admitted to a clinic by the emergency psychiatrist.
The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday. The Gastrosuisse association is trembling at the decision and is therefore appearing before the media on Tuesday with an appeal to politicians. "The uncertainty is great, many companies don't know how to proceed," says Andreas Krumes, CEO of Best of Swiss Gastro. Crowdfunding is now supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA. Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) recently spoke up on Facebook. He described himself as a "bad guy" on his Facebook page. "I would be interested to know why I'm a bad guy?" asked the comedian. "The only thing I did was criticize the measures taken by BR. And - I did that as a citizen and father of four children! No more and no less."
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition. "Everything would have been fine," says the future national coach after his penultimate career race.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway in southern France on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute call the project Deep Time, which aims to help clarify how people adapt to drastic changes in their living conditions and their environment. The temperature in the cave was ten degrees Celsius and the relative humidity was 100 percent. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrated his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate". Ryan Garcia's second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate". Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrated his 21st win in 21 fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Anchorage, Fairbanks, Juneau and Ketchikan airports are scheduled to be vaccinated from June 1st. At the end of April there will be a test phase for traveling residents.
In Switzerland, circumcision of boys has been officially banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. "People turn a blind eye to violence against men - wrongly so. This is ignored and taboo," says Christoph Geissbühler, Managing Director of Pro Children's Rights Switzerland. For Geissbühler it is clear: "Amputating a child's genital body part without medical urgency is a criminal offence". That's why Geissbühler sued a Swiss doctor who routinely performs circumcisions.
Zweifel is celebrating the European Championship with three new chips. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. The flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. The pizza margherita also only gets one and a half stars: one customer writes that you can taste the glutamate very well.
A father and his wife have been sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs. The judge has lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. The couple disagrees with the verdict.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballers. The striker plays for Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season and is the second most dangerous Swiss striker this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has locked shelves. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. The retailer wants to reassure consumers. In the next few days, customers with full collection books should be able to order the products online and pick them up in the branches using a pick-up truck.
Noelia Sommer: You've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even if you know that there is a gay community that will take you in, coming out in your own family is sometimes still a huge step.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown.
A Hungarian company has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations.
"Domina" is an international drama series that will be aired in Switzerland. The series will be shot during the first Corona wave.
Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid corona tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity. So far, 28.8 percent of the population have had themselves vaccinated twice.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
"Kanye West was with me for about three and a half hours," says Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter. On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR.
A mentally ill man started a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. The man has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer. This week he is before the Bern-Mittelland regional court.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative.
Ermedin Demirovic (22) plays in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker has scored three goals so far and set up seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. The films are based on novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected.
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
A 32-year-old Swiss man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
"Today a limit was crossed," the host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. In a 24-minute YouTube video, the couple say that the dog used to be aggressive, but never towards their own family like it is now. In the video, the two explain that they tried to find him a new home without children. Unfortunately unsuccessful.
A man in Sri Lanka has found a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
In Konstanz (D) a gang of parcel thieves stole packages from other delivery services. The motive of the three alleged perpetrators is still unclear. It is important to get an accurate picture of the situation. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. According to the BAG, the more users use the app, the higher "the effectiveness and the probability that relevant contacts can be identified and reported".
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists.
Thiam is said to have had racist experiences at the party of Urs Rohner's 60th birthday last November. Thiam is said to have apologized for this scene and then left the room. Some of his companions would have done the same. But that shouldn't be all. When Thiam returned, friends of Urs Rohner were on stage. They danced to the music and wore Afro wigs. According to Thiam, these were "painful incidents" for Thiam.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That's why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). Already on Inauguration Day, she wowed the world with a chic "Miu Miu" coat. Shortly thereafter, she was signed by modeling agency IMG Models. The agency's portfolio includes superstars such as Gisele Bundchen (40) and Bella Bella (24) and Gigi Hadid (25). Now the 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the army is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated". The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
The luxury playhouses for children are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13, "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. The teenager had drunk a colleague's car key and drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes. According to the city police, investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. Once these are completed, the case goes to the prosecutor's office.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. In its report, Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A short video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The winter sports enthusiasts also throw their skis and snowboards out of the cabin. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video took place, condemns the act in the strongest possible terms.
Jeff Bridges announced the shocking news of his cancer in October, and now the 71-year-old has shared positive news: on his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on social media channels. On Facebook, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of low-sulphur oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius on July 25. The freighter was traveling from China towards Brazil. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. Over the past few days, the Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian's daughter North is betrayed by her little daughter Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her new "Sour" media package. In the video, she tells the influencer her song "Drivers License" and a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation. But to what extent would the situation have to get worse for the obligation to have a certificate in restaurants or cinemas in the canton of Bern to become an issue?
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
It is already the third antenna that has been set on fire within days. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site".
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, he is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
Andrea Strähl from Basel has posted a picture on Facebook of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has created a work of art by James Turrell (77). It is a work by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. Traveling to other dimensions would be so much nicer, pfff. "Even in summer," says the model. Sure, the smell and the crackling are cozy, but firing up in Los Angeles when it's over 30 degrees? Only a Kardashian-Jenner can be that extra.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
In the run-up to the US presidential election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In recent months, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have been blocked on social media platforms. But the members of such groups have not simply disappeared from the Internet. Rather, they had to look for new places where they can openly express their opinions without being banned or labeled. They found such a place on the social media platform Parler. It's a social network that describes itself as non-biased and advertises freedom of speech.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. She wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. The fact that Cardi now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. They examined the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection. Result: In 78 of the 100 participants aged between 45 and 53, the scientists found inflammatory changes in the heart muscle or the pericardium. This also applies to those patients who had only had a mild course or whose illness was symptom-free and who had previously been healthy and sporty.
The Bernard family run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
Nina Christen has won her bronze medal in the three-position final. The 27-year-old is on course for a medal, although it is her weakest sub-discipline. Once again, Nina Christen proves her strong nerves and pushes herself forward with every shot. After three of five series, the bronze winner over ten meters is suddenly on the silver rank. Shortly thereafter, Christen even leads the field.
More than a million infections have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. Das Bild wurde geändert und die Stimme wurde pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27. Because of Corona, she was unable to go on three trips: "Peru last April, Madagascar in August and at the moment we would be through on our early honeymoon South America". You can find out which other holidays 20-Minute readers had to cancel and what that means for them in the picture gallery above.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th, even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples. The Federal Council wants to facilitate access to self-tests. All people should be able to test themselves regularly, even if they have no symptoms.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. It laid an egg on the spot. The chicken was then handed over to professional care.
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Billie Holiday's path to becoming a jazz icon was a difficult one. She grew up in precarious circumstances, experienced sexual violence from various men and became addicted to drugs. Now Andra Day embodies the musician in the biopic "The United States vs. Billie Holiday", which focuses on the last twelve years of her life: At the peak of her career, Holiday is a heroin addict and the FBI wants her because of her song "Strange Fruit".
In the current episode "Fernweh", Ennie talks about her first trip to South Africa. She talks about how she came to South Africa, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday at his former club Boca Juniors. Thousands of people gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol.
In Switzerland, Halloween parties are being cancelled. The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus.
The annual table for 2021 has been released. The FCB is second to last in this ranking. The Valais have also scored ten points this year, but have played one more game than Red-Blue. As in the "normal" season table, champion YB is right at the front - and also with a clear lead. Seven wins and three draws add up to a whopping 24 points from 10 games. The annual table 2021 1. YB -10 games, 24 points2. FC Luzern -9 games, 15 points3. FC Vaduz -10 games, 15 points4. FC Servette -9 games, 12 points5. Lausanne-Sport -9 games, 11 points6. FC St. Gallen -10 games, 11 points7. FC Lugano -11 games, 11 points8. FC Zurich -9 games, 10 points9. FC Basel -9 games, 10 points10. FC Sion -10 games, 10 points
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people.
Murtaza Ahmadi was a nine-year-old Afghan who had never received a real jersey from Lionel Messi. His family had applied for asylum in Pakistan, but this was not approved due to lack of funds. Murtuza's family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza has now returned to his homeland - and is still a big Messi fan.
On Valentine's Day, the dating app has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the newspaper, without naming individual countries. The canton doctors warned of caution when traveling abroad, says Hauri.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee of Fedex in Indianapolis is suspected to have fatally shot eight people in a distribution center. The police have confirmed the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself before confronting the police. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The estimate of the R value for December 4th was 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, says Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid 19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railways have not yet sold any VIP passes: "We have already had many registrations for the VIP packages for CHF 12,000," says Kessler. He told all interested parties that they should come and see the product first and only then buy it. In a good year, the Jungfrau Railways smuggle more than a million guests to the 3463 meter high Jungfraujoch - and this will go much faster in the future.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. At the airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
Ken's childhood was anything but easy: his mother and sister were heroin addicts, and his mother also dealt at home. More than once, Ken had to pull the needle out of his mother's arm when she was stoned on the floor. When Ken was 18, his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic. Experts assume that cinemas worldwide will lose around 25 billion francs.
The People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available.
After 20 years, the Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden has said he wants to run for re-election. The 78-year-old Democrat has so far left open whether he wants to run again after his defeat by Biden last November. To this day, Trump complains that he was deprived of his election victory through fraud.
The Swiss pesticide initiative could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch directly onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon. Led by a Geo Guide Sardona, at 6.30 p.m. you will go on an easy hike to the moon observation site, where you can observe the counterpart to the day in Martinsloch.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
On Monday, the Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Now she is back and defending her throne. On Monday evening, she announced her second album via the Insta profile of Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio, already revealing the album's cover art, titled "Medusa."
On Saturday at 3:15 p.m., a woman was driving on St. Gallerstrasse in Gossau. She noticed that she had left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years to plug the hole of 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the coffers. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench on Bleicheplatz in Wil has been moved to the Stadtweiher. The location was too weak for the bank to use, says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was 25 years old. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship. In Europe, the attacker could not prevail. In 2015 he dared to cross the big pond and joined the Spanish club Villarreal.
Reto Moser* from Bern successfully completed his apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer hasn't given an interview for a long time that wasn't for PR purposes - in which it hadn't been agreed beforehand what was allowed to be asked. This allowed the tennis star to avoid sensitive issues. And his coach Severin Lüthi is not commenting at the moment either. All of this points to the fact that it doesn't look 100 percent wonderful. And his appearance at the SRF Sport Awards also speaks for this thesis.
There has long been speculation as to who will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. On Tuesday, the big bank announced that it intends to propose 56-year-old Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, to its shareholders at the general meeting at the end of April as chairman of the board. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho.
Donald Trump believes Pfizer deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. The president believes the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. But it will not stop him from doing what is right for the American people. According to the New York Post, Pfizer has denied an intentional delay.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th.
Vielen Dank für die Teilnahme!
In September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
A former day care worker in Allschwil has been charged with multiple sexual acts with children. He is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. The accused, who was head of the day-care center at the time, was dismissed without notice.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you.
A floating bed on a farm above Fischingen promises wonderful views and a night under the stars. The idea for this came from the son of organic farmer Sepp Schuler. He wanted to take the idea of "zero real estate" to the next level. "Zero Real Estate" allows visitors to sleep under the open sky in Toggenburg.
US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother for the first time in September. Now she's back with new Insta image feed and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. In a total of six photos, Gigi shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail - a lavishly decorated Christmas tree, for example, Santa Claus socks by the fireplace and countless colorful lamps (can be admired in the photo gallery above). With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline.
At the Queen's London estate, Queen Elizabeth is looking for a gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
M.*, a service engineer, drives a car every day. Although M. never drove stoned, the office orders a precautionary withdrawal of ID. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final?
Australian filmmakers have relocated to Australia. The biggest names in Hollywood are now in Australia. But even outside of the Marvel Universe, numerous other major productions are currently relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. The list of other major projects that have been relocated to Australia is long. "Thirteen Lives", the film adaptation of the rescue operation in the Thai Tham Luang Cave with stars like Colin Farrell (44) and Viggo Mortensen (62), "God's Favorite Idiot", a Netflix comedy series with Melissa McCarthy (50) or the fantasy flick "Three Thousand Years of Longing" with Idris Elba (48) and Tilda Swinton (60) are just a few well-known film names.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. In addition to Denner, Coop and various Swiss online shops also sell the brand. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz had no memory of his beloved Audi Q5. He found the car in the Emmental. The 27-year-old immediately alerted Kapo Bern: "I've only had the Audi Q5 for two years. The new value of the car was around CHF 100,000." The man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized.
Serena worked at a bank for years. She has been on IV recipients since suffering from severe cancer. She is a woman who doesn't mince words. And in between she gets angry when she talks about Mike: Her ex was a parasite, he completely drained her.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. "I was fascinated by exploring these themes - in a group where one person's sudden success implodes the apparent balance leaves", he explains in a press statement.
An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder has canceled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend.
The 16 Bernese who had to answer in court after the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern police director Philippe Müller (FDP) is anything but happy about the outcome of the process. "If this judgment is legally correct, then animals are better protected with us than our police, fire brigade and paramedic forces," he told the "Bund".
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
Polish workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
An ecological disaster is taking its course in the holiday paradise of Mauritius: 1000 tons of oil ran out of the freighter Wakashio in the past few days. Locals fear for their livelihood: A border opening after the Corona lockdown was announced for September - but now the oil debacle is causing further uncertainty in the tourism industry.
SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over Easter. The company expects that the number of travelers will exceed capacity in some cases. The SBB explains that it will not advertise the extra trains, but will draw attention to the protection concepts. If you don't want to gamble on whether you can still get a seat on the extra train at Easter, the SBB advises: "Seat reservations are possible".
The police received over 300 reports of thunderstorms in the canton of Lucerne. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. She is now following alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's advice on a ketogenic diet.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms."
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law.
The Swiss Supreme Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office.
Daniil Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier at 192 km/h. His car was torn in two. The car had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the tank's safety bladder. The investigation also revealed that various technical things in the car saved Grosjean's life and cushioned the force of the impact.
The Romanian van was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) on July 16, when he wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria. He came across razor blades, razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a ice hockey goalie. He fends off pucks with his sword and the Degen bell. He also trains with a machine.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman. Holland was worried at first, he tells EW.com. "How are these guys going to make the leap from the biggest movie of all time to a little movie like this?" Today the 24-year-old says: "Looking back, it's my favorite film I've ever worked on". He was happy with it, but the door is closed and locked, according to Holland on "GQ". "Cherry" will be available on Apple TV+ on March 12.
A reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. However, the search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
"Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
Migros and Coop demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new version of the popular Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her resignation from the WTA. The 32-year-old has had enough of top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. During her career, Bacsinszky won the WTA titles in Luxembourg (2009), Acapulco and Monterrey (both Mexico 2015) and Rabat (Morocco 2016). She also won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey (see box), almost every tenth Swiss person has had an STD at least once. According to the survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will referee the final of the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met a beautiful woman online. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder. I told my date that I should slowly go back to go to the toilet at my house. Easy peasy.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. Among other things, an official published a photo of a black Santa Claus, writing: "There will be no white Christmas this year". Santa Claus has already adapted to the environment.