Timon is getting married in our hometown. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
The question of where she came from has taken up more and more space in her life. GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their origins. She doesn't want a father, emphasizes GC, because she already has one. "I'm concerned with the question of my parentage. For example, I would be very interested to know what my father looks like, what he works for or what nationality he is." She knows that it's basically almost impossible for her to ever meet her biological father. "It hurts that I don't know where i come from I try to accept it. But a part of me will always be missing."
In Switzerland, domestic helpers receive an average of 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
Clever-Fit has published a regulation on social media. Customers can't extend their subscriptions during a shutdown. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The Swiss Consumer Forum does not support this approach, says Babette Sigg, President of the Swiss Consumer Forum: "We always stand for a solution by mutual agreement". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills.
Kanye West (43) has been photographed at home with DJ Khaled (45) with his wedding ring, and there are already new rumors about his love life. After his divorce from reality star Kim Kardashian (40), he now seems to have found happiness with model Irina Shayk (35). According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He was in the hospital because of an illness. The horse was found in the workshop. Now the Spirig family wants to find the owner.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated.
A German private broadcaster RTL reported from the flood area in Germany last Sunday. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site. Ohlen called on her followers in an Instagram story to also help with the clean-up work.
JBS from Brazil has suffered a cyber attack on its computer systems. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved. JBS initially did not give any further details. According to the US government, the hackers also demanded a ransom.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European Champions League. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions. Most recently, the two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. He was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
Silver Sparrow is a new type of malware that infects Apple devices all over the world. The malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. The security researchers are still trying to understand what the malware can do. Because so far, Silver Sparrow has been comparable to a sleeper cell - i.e. inactive. Once an hour, however, the infected Macs target a control server to see whether it is ready to execute commands.
A 21-year-old man was caught in a bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked two inspectors before he was arrested. The man was unharmed.
The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday whether to grant a curfew for restaurants, bars and clubs. Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. The company donates part to the SOS Children's Village.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) recently spoke up on Facebook. He criticized the measures taken by BR. The comedian was criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted. Nevertheless, testing will continue.
BMX rider David Graf has been eliminated in the Olympics. The 31-year-old from Winterthur is not happy. His big medal dream is literally bursting.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A road accident left five children dead in France. The family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. With big smiles on their pale faces, the seven women and eight men left the Lombrives cave on Saturday, where they had spent the last 40 days and nights without sunlight and clocks for a scientific study. First impressions: time seemed to pass much more slowly in this isolation and they felt more at peace.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia is the lightweight boxing hope of America. His second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, boys are circumcised for religious reasons. In the vast majority of cases, circumcision is done for religious reasons. In such cases, critics see the circumcision of boys as an encroachment on self-determination. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys.
Zweifel chips are celebrating the EM Championship with three flavors. The chips are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. The pizza margherita also only gets one and a half stars: one customer writes that you can taste the glutamate very well.
A father and a mother have been sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs for violating compulsory schooling. The judge has lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. The couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer in 2021. He has scored 18 goals this season. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. Otherwise, according to transfermarkt, no Swiss player will have a two-digit number of goals in 2021. Not even Seferoivc's national representative Mario Gavranovic.
The lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers. Consumers who now want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're gay. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even if you know that there is a gay community that will take you in, coming out in your own family is sometimes still a huge step.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her home on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law. The law, which was pushed by the right-wing nationalist government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, had been massively criticized abroad.
"Domina" is an international TV series that will be shown in Switzerland on June 3rd. "Domina" is the first of a series to be made in Switzerland. "Domina" stars Melodie Melodie, who is 1.66 meters tall and 1.66 meters.
Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. He dribbled a bit of cola onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically".
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. This also includes everyone who has already contracted Covid, which applies to around 700,000 Swiss people.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download on the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron VS on Saturday. The residents of the area had to be evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon.
On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter, met with Kanye West. The US presidential candidate visited the house and played a board game together. "The game is a collapsible travel version of 'Kalaha'," says Bardill.
In the night of July 28th to 29th, 2019, there was a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. A mentally ill man started the fire. For more than two years, the man had heard voices telling him that he was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. Neither the consumption of cannabis and amphetamines nor the threat to his imaginary prompters that he would set something on fire silenced them.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative.
The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker Ermedin Demirovic (22) has scored three goals so far in the Bundesliga. He admits that things are going well for him at the moment. He says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench. But he fought, worked hard and gave it his all in training. The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements.
Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy every Friday for three weeks. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it. The cast also has horror experience: Among other things, there are well-known faces from "Stranger Things" such as Sadie Sink (played Max) and Maya Hawke (played Robin). Fear Street Part 1: 1994 will be available on July 2nd.
On Monday, activists gathered in Zurich. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. The police had already warned on Twitter that the action would not be tolerated. On Saturday, several hundred demonstrators gathered on Zurich's Helvetiaplatz after the "Feminist Strike Collective" had been called. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. Water cannons were also ready for use.
The low "Gudrun" has already passed over western Switzerland. In the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn. There are also heavy downpours and thunderstorms, as Meteonews continues.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. But not all butchers can be satisfied. A striking difference could be determined this year, namely that consumer behavior has changed significantly.
A study shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected.
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. In addition to Federal President Simonetta Sommaruga, Federal Councilors Guy Parmelin and Ignazio Cassis are also taking part in the major event. International guests such as the Serbian Prime Minister Ana Brnabić or the Swedish banker Marcus Wallenberg are also expected at the event.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either.
A 75-year-old driver drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Youtuber Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. The dog used to be aggressive, but never towards their own family like it is now. In the video, the two explain that they tried to find him a new home without children.
The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers attacked a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
In Konstanz (D) and the surrounding area, various parcels have not arrived at recipients. The police started an investigation and came across a gang of parcel thieves. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. According to the BAG, the more users use the app, the higher "the effectiveness and the probability that relevant contacts can be identified and reported". But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light.
Floods, flooded basements, destroyed cars: the thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. And the rain is not over yet - it should continue to rain heavily until Friday. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). Already on Inauguration Day, she wowed the world with a chic "Miu Miu" coat. Shortly thereafter, she was signed by the modeling agency IMG Models. The agency's portfolio includes superstars such as Gisele Bundchen (40) and Bella Bella (24) and Gigi Hadid (25). Now the 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler.
Team games are banned, a mask must be worn at all times and going out has become rarer: strict measures have been in place inside the military barracks for months. In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is now starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer season.
A luxury playhouse for children can cost up to 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, the parents have to dig deep into their wallets. The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides. If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A 19-year-old drove a Mercedes and crashed it. The driver fled after the accident. The dog was found after the accident in an underpass at the train station.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published its final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
The video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, Mario Davatz, condemns the act as a rascal prank.
Jeff Bridges announced the shocking news of his cancer in October, and now the 71-year-old has shared positive news on his website. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on social media channels. On Facebook, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues.
On July 25, a freighter crashed off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident. The freighter was traveling from China towards Brazil. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. However, almost 4000 tons of low-sulphur oil are loaded as fuel.
Kim Kardashian's daughter North is betrayed by her little daughter Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her new "Sour" media package. In the video, she tells the influencer her song "Drivers License" and a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun was on fire on Monday. It is not the third case that has been set on fire. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says police spokesman Christoph Gnägi.
A road rescue course run by the Fire Brigade Coordination East. The course was held on April 28th and 29th in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG wants to know why the canton renovated the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
"The red line has been crossed," writes Andrea Strähl from Basel about her picture on Facebook, on which a woman and a boy are sitting begging on the Middle Bridge. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes. The Basel-Stadt police confirmed to the "Baz" (Payment article) that in isolated cases underage beggars are out and about in Basel.
Kendall Jenner, 24, and her boyfriend, Kenny Jenner, 24, are sharing their bedrooms with each other. Their bedrooms are decorated with copper energy rings. Kendall says she's a tomboy, which we don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5. By the way, that's not her closet, it's somewhere else and is - of course - also accessible. "Everyone in my family has a glam room," says Kendall somewhat naturally. Yours has a separate entrance "so my glam people don't have to run through the whole house". Or maybe because they are not allowed to? But we don't want to accuse anyone of anything here. In any case, the walls of her make-up room are completely covered with the almost countless magazine covers of the American. "We all have a wall like that at home," says Kenny, "Kim started it and I copied it. The wall makes me feel good".
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. The researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
In the run-up to the US presidential election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked on Twitter or Facebook. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. Because Peppa Pig is a British animated children's series that has achieved cult status around the world. In the series, the pig Peppa explores the world and learns something new every day - including that splashing in puddles is a lot of fun. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. In the case of Covid 19 patients, there was no evidence of heart damage. However, the scientists fear that some of the heart damage could be permanent.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested - but when producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) lives the same day over and over again and seems quite content with it. When he meets Margaret (Kathryn Newton), he realizes he's not alone.
The first mass test in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not. On Friday alone, 4249 people were tested for the corona virus during the area tests. Of these, 38 received a positive test result, according to a statement from the canton of Graubünden.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
Nina Christen is on course for the three-position final. The 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard. The bronze medal came as a surprise, it stirred a lot in her.
More than a million infections have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The Name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. The animal jumped zigzag across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement, it says on Facebook. Out of sheer excitement, it laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. Then he threw it away. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Billie Holiday's path to becoming a jazz icon was a difficult one. She grew up in precarious circumstances, experienced sexual violence from various men and became addicted to drugs. Now she embodies the musician in the biopic "The United States vs. Billie Holiday", which focuses on the last twelve years of her life.
In the current episode "Fernweh", Ennie talks about her first trip to South Africa. She talks about her first time in Africa and how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday. The Argentine government ordered three days of national mourning. Thousands of people gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. Electronic billboards above the city freeway and in subway entrances read: "Thank you Diego".
The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
In the "normal" season table, champion YB is right at the front - and also with a clear lead. Seven wins and three draws add up to a whopping 24 points from 10 games. They are followed by FC Luzern with 15 points from nine games.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
In 2016 a photo of a five-year-old Afghan boy in a jersey worn by his idol, Lionel Messi, went viral. The boy's father had hoped that he could help his family get asylum in another country. The family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban.
On Valentine's Day, the dating app Tinder has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Swiss Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. A special problem: The American footballers in Switzerland. A squad consists of about 40-60 people. The coach of the Gladiators is now hoping for a special permit for league operations in the top football division.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its strategy.
On Thursday, the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse was called "DEA-Operation". According to eyewitnesses, when they entered Moïses' property, they called "DEA-Operation", as the newspaper "Le Nouvelliste" reported. Meanwhile, emotions were running high on the streets of Port-au-Prince. According to eyewitnesses, two suspects were spotted by a crowd in a bush on Thursday.
Several travelers from Switzerland brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the "Tages-Anzeiger". According to Health Minister Alain Berset, the federal government is monitoring developments very closely.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested after he shot eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis. The attacker was known to the police, but the police are still investigating what led to the gun attack late Thursday evening. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year.
20 minutes Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among the highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other four podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The Federal Council has estimated the R value for December 4th at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid 19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railways have not yet sold any VIP passes: "We have already had many registrations for the VIP packages for CHF 12,000," says Kessler. He told all interested parties that they should come and see the product first and only then buy it. In a good year, the Jungfrau Railways smuggle more than a million guests to the 3463 meter high Jungfraujoch - and this will go much faster in the future.
Passengers at Zurich Airport have been waiting for check-in on Sunday morning. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
A young boy was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
According to market researchers at IDC, the global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic. Experts assume that cinemas worldwide will lose around 25 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available.
After 20 years, the Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago, when asked.
The pesticide initiative in Switzerland could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants. If the pesticide initiative is accepted, food safety in Switzerland will decrease and food-borne illnesses can increase.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram account unannounced. Now the German rap star is back. Almost all old posts are gone, only one was still on her account. It is unclear whether Loredana's statement that she was not allowed to say anything actually (only) refers to her new album.
In Gossau, a woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was only 25 years old. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. He hasn't given an interview for a long time that wasn't for PR purposes - in which it hadn't been agreed beforehand what was allowed to be asked. His coach Severin Lüthi is not commenting at the moment.
There has long been speculation as to who will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. Ex-National Bank President Philipp Hildebrand is said to have been shortlisted. But nobody expected the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. On Tuesday, the big bank announced that it intends to propose 56-year-old Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, to its shareholders at the end of April as chairman of the board. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. "Urs Rohner surprised everyone with this unexpected choice, but created good conditions for a sovereign transition," says banking expert Adriano Lucatelli, founder of the financial service provider Descartes Finance and ex-manager of CS and UBS, to 20 minutes.
Donald Trump believes Pfizer was playing "corrupt games". The president believes the company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. But it will not stop him from doing what is right for the American people.
A series of GPS devices were stolen from tractors in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. As 20 minutes knows, not only agricultural businesses in the canton of Thurgau were victims of the series of thefts. An affected farmer says: "They came in the night and unscrewed everything and took it with them". The perpetrators were probably very well organized. And they would only target the GPS devices.
Vielen Dank für die Teilnahme!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
A 36-year-old German man was arrested in Allschwil when he crossed borders in the sexual area. He was accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. If found guilty, he faces up to ten years in prison. In the event of a conviction, there is also a risk of a lifelong ban on any professional or organized non-professional activity that involves regular contact with minors.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri".
A floating bed on a farm above Fischingen invites visitors to a night under the stars. The idea came from the son of organic farmer Sepp Schuler. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. That was the good news. The bad: Gigi doesn't reveal much in the new photos either. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs.
The Queen's London estate is now looking for a gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
M.*, as a service engineer, drives a car every day. Although he never drove stoned, the office orders a precautionary withdrawal of ID. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian filmmakers are relocating to the country of their dreams. Some of the biggest names, such as Chris Hemsworth and Chris Pratt, have already moved to Australia. Others even emigrate.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday morning, news scout Toni Kurz drove to work and parked his Audi Q5 in the parking lot. The police found the car in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.The man had to be treated in the hospital, but has now been called up for investigations brought to a police station."The details are currently the subject of investigations - such as whether the driver stole the vehicle or why the car went off the road".For news scout Toni Kurz, this does not matter.He is glad that the driver did not have anything Bad things happened."
Serena worked at a bank for years. She has been on IV recipients since suffering from severe cancer. She is a woman who doesn't mince words. Mike took all of that from her that night. "When I met Mike, I was working as a broker in Germany. He didn't have a job for a long time and I gave him an ultimatum: If he can't find anything, he has to leave the apartment and go back to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. I think he was afraid that his lie would be noticed and saw killing me as the easiest solution. After the court hearing, I found out that on the day of the crime he told someone about his great life and the great apartment in Zurich. He didn't mention that this was my apartment and that he lived in it with me.
"I didn't have any length in mind, I just said to myself that the film would take the time it needed. And it did," says author and director Marc Bauder in a press statement about "Who we were". It has become about two hours - two hours in which it is shown how things are with our planet. The documentary illuminates how sustainable, positive change works can and looks to the future: What will future societies think about us? The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016.
Women in Switzerland are receiving unsolicited penis pictures. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
A third of UK office workers are back on the job. The consequences for the office centers with their cafés, pubs and retailers are significant, as reported by "Welt". Some of the normally busiest centers are like ghost towns, says the chief executive of the Confederation of British Industries.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage pregnant women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder canceled a trip to the North Sea on Wednesday. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend.
The eviction of an occupation took place in Bern. All the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern canton police also failed to give non-participants a deadline to leave the building.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits, as reported by the SRF regional journal. "All the clinics are overcrowded. We have trouble taking in any children," says Brigitte Contin-Walvogel, the clinic's chief physician, to the radio station.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." When Andrea came back from an interview one day, she left her dictaphone unattended in the radio studio for a moment. When she wanted to listen to the recording, it was gone.
The Polish workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being forced to work more hours than they are permitted. According to the bz, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The IWB is so innovative on one side and is also at the forefront in e-mobility.
The government of Mauritius has not reacted to the oil debacle. The locals took the initiative and organized themselves.
The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains.
The canton of Lucerne has received over 300 reports of thunderstorms. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured. "She was taken to the hospital by the ambulance service 144. The injuries are likely to be of a lighter nature," said the police. The municipalities of Werthenstein, Wolhusen, Ruswil and Neuenkirch were hit the hardest by the thunderstorms.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. "It left me with persistent fatigue and brain fog." The latter, in German brain fog, refers to a phenomenon in which those affected have symptoms such as concentration problems and memory disorders. She is now doing Will Cole's fast diet. For example, she avoids sugar and alcohol and mainly consumes butyrates, fish oil, zinc and selenium as well as vitamins B and D3.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams". "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Previously, changes had to be renegotiated each time.
The Swiss Supreme Court on March 29 ruled that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in Switzerland.
Just seconds after the start, Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. Suddenly a fireball spread. After anxious seconds of waiting, however, Grosjean got out of the car - and was able to save himself from the fire inferno. But how did this horror crash come about? An investigation by the safety department of the FIA clarified exactly this question.
On July 16, the Romanian van driver was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA). They found razor blades, razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer has a new video. He fends off pucks with his sword. It's not a show, he benefits from this training: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and flinch".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon. According to the cantonal police in Basel-Stadt, a tip had previously been received that there could be a hand grenade in the studio behind the building of a recently deceased person. After an initial clarification, the police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on March 19th on Amazon Prime. "The Night Clerk" tells the story of how a woman is being threatened and killed in self-defense. For the series, the production duo spoke with those affected, as Martinez tells "Variety": "There is a lot of beauty in the aesthetics and in the story of our three protagonists, but it was difficult to wade through the dark reality." "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
The "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) test shows that there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m., as Hanspeter Krüsi, spokesman for the St. Gallen canton police, confirmed a report from nau.ch. It was a self-accident. No other vehicles were involved. Army spokeswoman Delphine Allemand also confirmed the accident on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has resigned her WTA career. The 32-year-old from Lausanne announced her resignation on Instagram. She has won four WTA titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017. Above all, the legendary game against Serena Williams remains unforgotten, when the Swiss won the first set and had her first entry into a Grand Slam final in mind, but then could no longer hold back against an extremely theatrical Williams and ended up with ten Games lost in a row.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Björn Kuipers will officiate the final of the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. The date really went haywire and she broke off contact with me.
The Bern police corps made negative headlines last week. The cantonal police director Philippe Müller (FDP) commented on racial profiling in the "Bund". This is not operated by Kapo Bern. However, there can hardly be any talk of a mass problem - because the cantonal police in Bern employ around 2,500 police officers. It is now being demanded that racism be addressed more intensively by the police, including in the field of training.