I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is actually exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings. And that insecurity is also the reason I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding.
The question of where I come from has been taking up more and more space in my life. The reasons for this are manifold. "I talk about it more openly, for example with friends. And yes, I have the feeling that I will never fully get to know myself if half of my origins remain unknown". GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their biological father.
In Switzerland, household helpers are paid around 30 francs per hour. That is around a quarter less than in the canton of Zurich. The analysis of more than 4000 employment contracts, which, according to Quitt.ch, is also used by the Federal Statistical Office, reveals significant wage differences depending on the canton. Cleaning staff receive the highest gross wages in the canton of Zurich at CHF 31.70 per hour. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation on social media. The regulation is not credited to Clever-Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills.
Kanye West (43) has just been photographed with DJ Khaled (45) with his wedding ring, and there are already new rumors about his love life. After his divorce from reality star Kim Kardashian (40), he now seems to have found happiness with model Irina Shayk (35). According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
In September, Albert Spirig passed away unexpectedly. He had a workshop in Diepoldsau and repaired wooden figures there. His grandfather almost completely replaced the ears on the horse. The family wants to find the owner of the wooden figure.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times reports that the Seychelles are struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
Susanna Ohlen reported last Sunday for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
The hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. According to the US government, the hackers also demanded a ransom. JBS informed the White House that the request came from a criminal organization - presumably from Russia.
In the Champions League, the Bernese have to play against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
Davide Callà is quite right with the term cup classic when he talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two opponents have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions. Most recently, the two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win. That should change on Tuesday evening (here live from 8:15 p.m.). FCW captain and former FCB player Davide Callà is hoping for the first win against Basel.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in Atlanta may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". Six of the women killed were of Asian descent.
The so-called Silver Sparrow malware has been detected by security researchers all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. Originally developed for Intel Macs, the malicious software has apparently been updated for M1 Macs. The mysterious Malware is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA. It is also interesting that the malware has a self-destruct mechanism.
In Zug, a 21-year-old man attacked two ZVB inspectors before he was arrested. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday.
Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy. The company Best of Swiss Gastro uses the money to finance the campaign. The campaign is a long-term campaign and aims to get people to eat out more often. The industry association Gastrosuisse did not want to comment on crowdfunding when asked by 20 minutes.
In Lausanne, Switzerland, thousands of people took to the streets on Sunday afternoon. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) recently spoke up on Facebook. A Facebook user described Rima as a "bad guy" on his Facebook page. Rima responded to the comment. "I would be interested to know why I'm a bad guy?" asked the comedian.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove a minibus off the A7 motorway north of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute call the project Deep Time, which aims to help clarify how people adapt to drastic changes in their living conditions and their environment. The temperature in the cave was ten degrees Celsius and the relative humidity was 100 percent. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed. Hirschi was allowed to put on the white jersey of the best young professional.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrated his 21st win in 21 fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, circumcision of boys has been officially banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. However, since the state is officially only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied, they argue.
Zweifel chips are celebrating the European Championship with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. But not everyone is so harsh on the new Zweifel chips: "The bacon and egg chips taste a bit like sulphur, but they're not bad," says Ken, 33, in a 20-minute street poll.
Because they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs. Now the verdict is here. As the "Freiburger Nachrichten" (paid article) reports, the police judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. In addition, the couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120. The judge argued that there was never an immediate, concrete and unavoidable danger to the life and limb of the then pregnant wife and the unborn baby. As the judge further stated, the parents were not entitled to keep their daughter away from school. In addition, they would have put their own well-being above the well-being of others because they would have constantly overworked the teacher.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer this year. He scored 18 goals this season. The striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has been locked since mid-September. Consumers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop. There they select their products and determine the branch for the pick-up.
Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet. Sexual orientation shouldn't be something you have to hide and then come out with anyway. After all, I've never heard of a hetero coming out.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her residence in Adligenswil on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia, the twin sister of the missing woman has started distributing flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has fined 250,000 forints 760 francs for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law.
"Domina" is a Swiss drama series. It's the first of its kind in the world.
The Austrian National Council debated on the use of cola in corona tests on Thursday. In his contribution to the debate, Michael Schnedlitz tried to prove that simple cola produces a positive result in the rapid corona tests and that the entire mass corona tests are therefore worthless. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus. As "t-online" reports, the rapid tests are coated with antibodies to which color particles are coupled.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick". Among other things, two Somali children from Bern are said to be among the victims of the 38-year-old.
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. This also includes everyone who has already contracted Covid, which applies to around 700,000 Swiss people. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
The area in Raron VS is being evacuated. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
Kanye West visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. West ate lunch with his friends, Olgiati and Bardill. "He was very present and is a very open person. He was also very uncomplicated when eating," says the singer-songwriter.
A mentally ill man started a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. He was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. Neither the consumption of cannabis and amphetamines nor the threat to his imaginary prompters that he would set something on fire silenced them.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
Ermedin Demirovic (22) scored three goals and set up seven assists in the Bundesliga. The 22-year-old German-Bosnian has scored three goals so far and set up seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker and laughs.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on the "Scream" series, is behind it. The cast also has horror experience: Among other things, there are well-known faces from "Stranger Things" such as Sadie Sink (played Max) and Maya Hawke (played Robin). Fear Street Part 1: 1994 will be available on Netflix on July 2nd.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. There are also heavy downpours and thunderstorms, as Meteonews continues.
In St. Gallen, sales of sausages have not fallen. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019. "Roughly the same amount was sold," says Urs Bolliger, manager of the Culinarium association. A fluctuation of two to three percent is expected. But not all butchers can be satisfied.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected.
This year's Digital Days will be held in Switzerland. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more. 20 Minuten summarized the highlights of this year's Digital Days in the photo gallery (above). The full program can be found here.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via Facebook. He received death threats over the phone. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. They had their dog for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki Phillippi uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
In Sri Lanka, a man has dug a hole in his garden. However, while digging, he found a huge pile of rocks. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
At 10:45 p.m. three strangers hit a person at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
In Konstanz (D) a gang of thieves stole packages from a delivery service. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands are on the quarantine list. Some tourists are worried about the risk of getting infected. The Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the list of risk countries on Tuesday. The quarantine requirement annoys some tourists.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. The victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores. On request, Jumbo reports that dehumidifiers are currently selling 214 percent better than in the same period last year.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the corona pandemic.
In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is now starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The vaccination plan is already being widely discussed among the members of the army - for example in the platoon of TM*, who is on duty as a regular soldier in the medical department.
Luxury playhouses for children have become a trend in Britain. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars. The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel.
Migros will start a national recycling system for plastic again. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick". For the time being there will be collection points in 64 branches. The bags are subject to a charge and can be obtained at the cash desk and at the information desk.
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. The driver fled after the accident. The teenager had drunk a colleague's car key and drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes. According to the city police, investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. Once these are completed, the teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The winter sports enthusiasts also throw their skis and snowboards out of the cabin.
The "The Big Lebowski" star has revealed that his tumor is regressing. The 71-year-old has shared the news on his website. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. "I'm feeling good, balding and a new puppy," wrote the "The Big Lebowski" star along with the picture in December. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on social media. On Facebook, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues.
On July 25, a freighter crashed off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident. The ship is loaded with 3800 tons of low-sulphur oil.
Kim Kardashian (40) uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia. "I love 'Drivers License', I hear that song all the time," enthuses the 40-year-old in the clip, but the declaration of love comes to an abrupt end.
Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. According to the newspaper "Bund", the canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is not the first case. The antenna was already on fire in October 2019 after hundreds of people had resisted the new antenna. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks.
A road rescue course was held in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site".
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG complains about the noise on the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. He has repeatedly expressed his dissatisfaction with the canton responsible for the road. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
Andrea Strähl from Basel has posted a picture of a child sitting begging on the Middle Bridge. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," she says.
Kendall Jenner, 24, is the world's most uncultivated model. She has a make-up room that she's converted from a cinema to a hobby painting room (how could she? She had a private cinema, gopf!). And she's got a dream catcher, the rose quartz and the glasses full of her own urine in the closet before the shoot. We don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic is.
The Green Liberals (GLP) submitted a demand for "marriage for all" in the National Council. In December 2020, Parliament passed the bill. This would give all couples, regardless of gender, the same rights. Same-sex couples could then get married. Heterosexual couples could also enter into a registered partnership.
Social media platform Parler has become a breeding ground for conspiracy theorists and right-wing extremists. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas. Similarly, posts claiming that the US presidential election involved fraud and that the actual winner of the election was not Joe Biden but Donald Trump. A petition is openly called for on Parler, collecting signatures to launch an investigation into the matter. In fact, the hashtag #StopTheSteal has become one of the most used hashtags on Parler on Thursday with more than 100,000 posts, as reported by Spiegel.de.
Rapper Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. Because she's so obsessed with the British cartoon character, she wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested - but when producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back".
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
15 years ago, singer Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
The 27-year-old Nina Christen is involved in the three-position final right from the start. After three of five series, the bronze winner over ten meters is suddenly on the silver rank. Shortly thereafter, the 27-year-old even leads the field. The Swiss scores two more direct hits and actually crowns her furious race to catch up with the Olympic title! In the end, the 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard.
More than a million coronavirus infections have been registered in France since the beginning of the pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27. Because of Corona, she was unable to go on three trips: "Peru last April, Madagascar in August and at the moment we would be through on our early honeymoon South America". You can find out which other holidays 20-Minute readers had to cancel and what that means for them in the picture gallery above.
The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
The film "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary focuses on the last twelve years of Billie Holiday's path to becoming a jazz icon was a difficult one. She grew up in precarious circumstances, experienced sexual violence from various men and became addicted to drugs.
In the current episode "Fernweh", Ennie talks about her first trip to South Africa. She describes her experience at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday. Thousands of people gathered in Buenos Aires to mourn the loss of their idol. The Argentine President ordered three days of national mourning.
Halloween parties are being sent out in Switzerland. Some people have been invited to such parties, while others have been cancelled. The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus.
The annual table for the 2021 season has been released. Here are the results.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi is a nine-year-old boy from Afghanistan. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza's father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The family had previously applied for asylum in Pakistan, but this was not approved due to lack of funds. In Kabul, Murtaza stayed with his uncle.
In the run-up to Valentine's Day, Tinder has put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love. You can find the questions in the photo gallery. By means of individual settings, each user can decide how they want to use Tinder's video function. According to Tinder, you don't have to worry about unwanted calls. Both parties must agree to the video call.
The Swiss Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. A special problem: The American footballers in Switzerland. A squad consists of about 40-60 people. In a game, around 100 people would meet – there is no place for that in the new Federal Council ordinance.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. After a Belgian woman became infected during a skiing holiday in Switzerland, 5,000 Belgians had to be quarantined. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases.
According to the latest analysis, the consumption of cigarettes and shisha has also increased. 6.6 percent of those surveyed smoke at least once a month - almost twice as many as in the previous year (3.5%). In addition, 7.7 percent used snuff or snus every month (2019: 4.6%). In contrast, the consumption of e-cigarettes and cannabis increased only slightly.
A 19-year-old man who shot eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis has been arrested. The police have identified the suspect as 19-year-old Brandon Hole.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among the highlights.
The estimates of the R value for December 4th were incorrect. The Federal Council had based its decisions on an excessive number of reproductions. According to Tanja Stadler, the estimate of the R value only ever indicates a trend as to how the number of infections developed around two weeks ago. The task force therefore does not focus on daily R values, but takes into account the 7-day average together with other indicators when assessing the situation. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual number of reproductions is higher. The R value must then be corrected sharply when the number of reproductions is changing significantly, said Martin Ackermann, President of the Covid 19 Task Force, at the media conference on Tuesday.
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. The airport has put up posters and notices to ensure that the Corona measures are observed. In addition, staff are on duty to point out the rules to passengers.
Ken's mother was heroin addict. He found her dead in the apartment. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
The pandemic has hit many entertainment industries hard. For the games industry, the lockdowns and restrictions on public life imposed worldwide were even a growth driver: global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs.
In the Ethiopian conflict, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available.
After 20 years, the Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. Make a bold mark on your calendar for Sunday, September 19 - whether you want to compete yourself or applaud the chord crash landings from the shore. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for a second term in the White House in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago, when asked.
The Swiss pesticide initiative will be banned. This could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail. For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner. Natalie Favre, spokeswoman for the pesticide initiative, disagrees.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape at 10.30 a.m., during which the positive and negative sides of slate quarrying will be explained. At the same time there is a guided tour through the Gandwald forest reserve on the other side of the valley.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The system relieves the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Two hours later, she announced her second album via the Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio. It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
A woman was driving on St. Gallerstrasse in Gossau. While driving, she noticed that she had left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "In the medium term, the time horizon should be around fifteen years. With new debt of around CHF 30 billion, that would be CHF 2 billion a year," said the SVP Federal Councilor.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The location was too weak for the bank to use, says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil. The bench was partly in the shade of the trees and thus caused a lot of ridicule on social media.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was only 25 years old. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. According to local media, he was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship. In Europe, the attacker could not prevail. In 2015 he dared to cross the big pond and joined the Spanish club Villarreal.
Reto Moser is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer hasn't given an interview for a long time that wasn't for PR purposes - in which it hadn't been agreed beforehand what was allowed to be asked. His coach Severin Lüthi is not commenting at the moment either. All of this points to the fact that it doesn't look 100 percent wonderful. And his appearance at the SRF Sport Awards also speaks for this thesis.
There has long been speculation as to who will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. Ex-National Bank President Philipp Hildebrand is said to have been shortlisted. But nobody expected the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. On Tuesday, the big bank announced that it intends to propose 56-year-old Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, to its shareholders at the general meeting at the end of April as chairman of the board. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho.
The president believes that Pfizer deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thieves acted similarly. Suspicious people should be reported to the police.
Vielen Dank für participating!
A woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
The Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil, Switzerland, is accused of multiple sexual acts with children. The accused, who was head of the day-care center at the time, was dismissed without notice. Now the charges against the former day care worker are available, as the "Basler Zeitung" (paid article) reports.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you.
In Toggenburg, Switzerland, a floating bed is available. It is designed to mimic the rocking sensations people experienced as children. The feeling of rocking helps people calm down and helps them fall asleep. Since the floating bed was built on a platform, the location could be chosen freely. There are already two bookings for the outdoor bed.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new images from her new life as a mom. In a total of six photos, Gigi shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail. With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline.
The Duke and Duchess of Kensington are now looking for a gardener. The job is part time, but it is expected that the gardens and park grounds will be made ready for the season. Means: Cover the roses in autumn, protect the plants from frost in winter and sow seeds in spring. High demands, but not surprising for a boss who likes to get involved in the countryside herself.
The Federal Statistical Office (FSO) has released the latest figures for the corona pandemic. There is no doubt that people over 65 and older were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves. The fact that significantly fewer people are dying despite the increasing number of cases fuels the political debate about easing: “The federal government is talking about mutations and a third wave. However, the figures show that far fewer people are dying than in other years. This clearly shows that the Federal Council is involved exaggerates the measures and the lockdown is no longer appropriate," says SVP National Councilor Therese Schläpfer. The concern of the population plays a major role in this.
Reto M. (24) was caught driving while he smoked a joint. The road traffic officer orders a precautionary withdrawal of his driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months. Central to Dähler: "Many people have lost their jobs because they didn't have their ID at times - and that's not uncommon, even though they were never guilty of anything on the road." That should change now: FDP Councilor of States Andrea Caroni wants to use a political initiative to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian filmmakers are relocating to the country's hotspot. The Australian government pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
News scout Toni Kurz has no idea where his Audi Q5 was parked. The police found the car in the Emmental. The driver was injured and had to be hospitalized. The co-founder of Outletking.ch has already taken on the paperwork with the insurance company. He has already taken on the paperwork with the insurance company.
Mike was a parasite, but he stole from her. After the court hearing, Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany.
The documentary "Who We Were" tells the story of a group of people who share a common goal: to save their homeland. The film was inspired by the book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. Léa (Bérénice Bejo), Marc (Vincent Cassel), Karine (Florence Foresti) and Francis (François Damiens) share a long friendship: the two couples have known each other for years and the group dynamic works perfectly. But when the family dragon Firechair crashes, they and their children end up in a garbage dump - the ideal home where they work on a machine designed to neutralize the smell of garbage.
Women in Switzerland are sent unsolicited penis pictures. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters. The researchers looked at whether the birds had taught themselves how to open the bins or whether they had imitated others.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder (CSU) canceled a trip to the North Sea on Wednesday. The reason: a massive breakdown in corona tests on Bavarian motorways. According to Melanie Huml, Bavaria's Minister of Health, there is a problem with the transmission of the results.
The 16 accused accused of the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"Three x Three" is the first episode of a new series of "Three x Three" podcasts. The episode is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43". The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
Polish workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined". The fitters, welders and locksmiths have been employed since the beginning of September as part of the annual inspection work. Due to various subcontractors involved, the responsibilities are difficult to assign, the newspaper writes.
Mauritius' oil debacle is causing further uncertainty in the island's tourism industry. The locals took the initiative and organized themselves. The government did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground. "I cannot explain why nothing was done. Perhaps the danger was not taken seriously enough," says the real estate agent. The local people are dependent on tourism, so the atmosphere is very tense. Because in addition to the oil debacle, "Mauritius" borders are still closed - you only find out about an opening a few days in advance, says the Swiss.
The SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi to 20 minutes. The SBB explains that it will not advertise the extra trains, but will draw attention to the protection concepts. If you don't want to gamble on whether you can still get a seat on the extra train at Easter, the SBB advises: "Seat reservations are possible".
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured. "She was taken to the hospital by the ambulance service 144. The injuries are likely to be of a lighter nature," said the police.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. She is now following alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's advice on a ketogenic diet.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Previously, changes had to be renegotiated each time.
The Swiss Supreme Court on March 29 ruled that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted.
Daniil Kwjat crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas Haas Haas. The car was torn in two. But how did this crash come about? An investigation by the safety department of the FIA clarified exactly this question. The trigger for the serious crash was Daniil Kwjat in Alpha Tauri.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA and came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer, a 33-year-old ice hockey goalie, is in his fencing gear in an ice hockey goal. He fends off pucks with the Degen bell, the hand guard. He says he always has to be highly concentrated. No wonder, as this is an unusual training method. How does you come up with such an idea? Heinzer explains: "I've been training at the Oym athletics center since last November, where EV Zug also trains. I always play badminton with EVZ keeper Leonardo Genoni on Monday mornings. I watched him during goalie training and saw this machine. That's when I came the idea: 'I could use it for my reflex training.'" For Heinzer, the video is not a show, he benefits from this training: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and relax".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue. Marvel has confirmed that the sequel will do without a digital form of Chadwick Boseman.
The new Netflix series "Sky Rojo" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. The series tells the story of three women who have been trafficked by human trafficking. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In the "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) test, there were dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky announced her retirement on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking tennis player has had enough of top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. "Thank you for the hard moments, the tears, the doubts, but also the training you gave me," she thanks tennis.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the final of the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met the woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then it happened, 200 meters from my front door: my body, my bladder, gave in and gave in to the pressure. I stopped with my pants wet. She was staring at me.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. However, due to the actions not relevant under criminal law and the overall circumstances, there were no dismissals. At the end of 2019, an interpellation on right-wing extremist tendencies was submitted to the Bern Corps in the cantonal parliament. The reason was the question of whether such structures exist within the police force.