I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings. And that insecurity is also the reason I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding.
GC is aware that it will be almost impossible for her to meet her biological father. "Of course there is the possibility to do a DNA test, but I'm not sure if that's the right way". Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation. Customers can cancel their subscriptions during a shutdown. The regulation is contradictory to the Swiss Code of Obligations. Clever-Fit says they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". A refund is rarely offered in general: but most gyms offer an unconditional renewal of the subscription. For example the Activ Fitness. The validity of the subscriptions is extended by the duration of the effective closure. The studio decided to take this approach during the spring 2020 shutdown. Activ Fitness also offers regular live stream courses for its customers on Facebook. Clever-Fit also has a digital offer in partnership with the online platform Les Mills.
Kanye West and Irina Shayk have been rumored to have dined together in the past. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported.
The series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm. 56 countries around the world have already ordered from the Chinese manufacturer. Many of them are poorer Countries.
Susanna Ohlen reported last Sunday for RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site. Ohlen called on her followers in an Instagram story to also help with the clean-up work.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. According to the US government, the hackers also demanded a ransom.
In the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class. The consequences for the Europa League are even more severe. Because only the best 15 nations will receive starting and qualifying places for the Europa League in the coming season, this competition will be held without Swiss clubs in the near future.
FC Basel and FC Winterthur will play in the Swiss Cup on Tuesday night. It's a first for both teams since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. The two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win. That should change on Tuesday evening (here live from 8:15 p.m.). FCW captain and former FCB player Davide Callà is hoping for the first win against Basel.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. He was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian-American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
The so-called Silver Sparrow is causing a stir in security circles. The IT experts discovered the new type of malware on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries.
A 21-year-old man was caught in a bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the two inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop. The man from Eritrea then wanted to evade control and physically attacked the two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed.
The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday whether to curfew restaurants, bars and clubs. The Gastrosuisse association is trembling at the decision and is appearing before the media on Tuesday with an appeal to politicians. Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets across Europe. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima recently spoke up on Facebook. He criticized the measures taken by BR. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A road accident that killed five children shakes France. "We cannot remember such a tragic accident with five dead children here," said the prefect of the Drôme district in southern France, Hugues Moutouh. The family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway north of the city of Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire.
15 people have left the Lombrives cave in the Pyrenees after 40 days of voluntary isolation. Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute call the project Deep Time, which aims to help clarify how people adapt to drastic changes in their living conditions and their environment. The temperature in the cave was ten degrees Celsius and the relative humidity was 100 percent. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
The Tour de France starts on Monday. The drivers have to dress themselves this year because of the Corona. Already at the start on Saturday a Swiss showed his best side. Michael Schär from the Polish CCC team broke away after a few kilometers and formed a leading trio with the Frenchmen Cyril Gautier and Fabien Grellier for a long time. For his effort, the 33-year-old from Lucerne was honored as the most combative driver of the stage.
Kate Abdo interviewed Ryan Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Ryan Garcia's second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
A Swiss doctor performs circumcisions for religious reasons. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor. "From a purely objective point of view" one could regard a boy's circumcision as "simple bodily harm". However, since the state is officially only allowed to take action in cases of "severe bodily harm", the prosecutor's hands are tied.
Zweifel chips are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. The pizza margherita also only gets one and a half stars: one customer writes that you can taste the glutamate very well.
Because they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs - "We are guilty in the sense that we violated compulsory schooling, but we found the amount of the fine to be inappropriate," said the father to 20 minutes. After all, the daughter was not taken out of school without reason, but because the mother was pregnant. Now the verdict is here.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss striker this year. He has scored 18 goals for Benfica this season. The former FCZ junior has scored twelve goals. Otherwise, according to transfermarkt, no Swiss player will have a two-digit number of goals in 2021. Not even Seferoivc's national representative Mario Gavranovic. The two goalless Nati newcomers Dan Ndoye (20) and Andi Zeqiri (21), on the other hand, should have benefited from the great U-21 European Championship. In any case, Cephas Malele will not appear at the European Championship, although the 18-goal man is the second most dangerous Swiss professional footballer this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy is still available in the Coop Stores. But the lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers. Consumers who now want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 Swiss francs for two children's books about rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. Both books tell about the everyday life of a child, one with two mothers and one with two fathers, writes "ABC News". The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law.
"Domina" is an international streaming series that will be aired in Switzerland on June 3rd. "Domina" stars Melodie, who is 1.66 meters tall. The series was shot during the first Corona wave. The casting call came: You're on "Domina". What do your Swiss friends say about your success with "Domina"? So far they can't really imagine it. When it starts now on June 3rd, it will be much more real. Has your Instagram follower count skyrocketed yet? Not dramatic. But I notice that the interest in my person is increasing. What do you do when you're not shooting? Honestly? I love my job more than anything. That's why I use most of my free time to get ahead in my job. You never stop learning as an actress.
In the Austrian National Council, Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid corona tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus. As "t-online" reports, the rapid tests are coated with antibodies to which color particles are coupled. If they encounter a Sars-CoV2 virus, there is a reaction with antigens of the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick". Among other things, two Somali children from Bern are said to be among the victims of the 38-year-old.
The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity. So far, 28.8 percent of the population have had themselves vaccinated twice. Great Britain has set itself clearer goals: the government there has defined its goal of immunizing 60 percent of the adult population. US President Joe Biden plans to vaccinate 70 percent of the population with at least one dose by July 4. The Chinese government said it wanted to vaccinate 80 percent of the more than 1.3 billion Chinese by the end of the year.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts warn anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Residents of Raron VS have been evacuated after a major demolition of a residential area. The area will remain closed until at least Sunday noon. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
In Graubünden, Switzerland, Kanye West visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. The Swiss writer and songwriter visited the artist's house and played a board game together. "The game is a collapsible travel version of 'Kalaha'," says Bardill.
A mentally ill man started a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. He was being watched by secret services and that he was the test subject in a questionable research project. Neither the consumption of cannabis and amphetamines nor the threat to his imaginary prompters that he would set something on fire silenced them.
Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that".
The 22-year-old striker from St. Gallen scored three goals in the Bundesliga last season. He also scored two assists and set up two goals. He says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench. He says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements. He has scored three goals so far and prepared seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker and laughs. He never thought about how many goals he wanted to score in a season. "I always try to score as many goals as possible. I always had this motto at FC St. Gallen." The German-Bosnian's motto seems to be working. After all, he also hit the ground running in St.
Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy every Friday. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s. As befits a horror film, the makers haven't revealed much about the trilogy so far. What we do know, however, is that director Leigh Janiak, who worked on "Scream" series, is behind it. The cast also has horror experience: Among other things, there are well-known faces from "Stranger Things" such as Sadie Sink (played Max) and Maya Hawke (played Robin). Fear Street Part 1: 1994 will be available on July 2nd.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" gathered on Zurich's Helvetiaplatz. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. "We are tired of experiencing violence on a daily basis, even as we stand up against violence against ourselves," writes the "Feminist Strike Collective" on social media. The participants are asked to gather at 6 p.m. with banners and signs at the Urania.
After the warm and sunny weather of the last few days, the weather will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps, as Meteonews writes. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
Digitalswitzerland will be held from November 1st to 3rd, 2020. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. If the temperatures do not drop at night either, this is extremely tiring for the human body because it cannot recover.
A woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information in order to obtain a Covid loan he was not entitled to.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant received death threats over the phone. The stranger referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down for nine years. The video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A man in Sri Lanka discovers a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspects. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the quarantine list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer. The fact that Mallorca is on the quarantine list is important for W. Incomprehensible.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". The "New York Times" writes in a detailed article.
Floods, flooded basements, destroyed cars: the storm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores.
Ella Emhoff is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
The army is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school.
In France, luxury playhouses for children can cost up to almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made. In Great Britain, the luxury playhouses are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression. "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel. There, too, people remain silent: Georges-André Lozouet, media spokesman for the Neuchâtel cantonal police, cannot reveal how many police officers will be on site due to the strategic planning.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
A 19-year-old driver drove to Rosenbergstrasse in a Mercedes. He drove too fast and exceeded the maximum speed. The accident resulted in damage of around one hundred thousand francs. The dog was found after the accident in an underpass at the train station.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The winter sports enthusiasts also throw their skis and snowboards out of the cabin. The short video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok.
Jeff Bridges announced the shocking news of his cancer in October, and now the actor has shared positive news: on his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on social media. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues. With more than 160 comments on the Facebook post, there is little praise and support, as reported by Die Ostschweiz.
On July 25, a freighter ran aground off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident. The freighter was traveling from China towards Brazil. According to information from the Mauritian Environment Minister Ramano Kavydass, the freighter does not carry any cargo. Over the past few days, the Mauritian authorities have repeatedly assured that the ship poses no threat to the environment. Now the freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The 40-year-old raves about Olivia Rodrigo in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Two thirds of adults aged 16 and over in Switzerland have been vaccinated at least once. In recent weeks, however, the vaccination campaign has lost momentum, and the number of daily doses has now fallen to the April level. Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. According to the newspaper "Bund", the canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate.
A Sri Lankan woman beats a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism.
A 5G antenna burned on Seestrasse in Thun on Monday. It is again arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says Gnägi.
A road rescue course was held in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. The course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade. He draws a positive conclusion: "The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well".
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG complains about the noise of the Bahnhofstrasse. He wants to know why concrete slabs were used in front of his house instead of asphalt. He is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over. In addition, Sieber is irritated by a report for which measurements were carried out over a year. The canton promises that the condition of the joint mentioned by Sieber will be checked and repaired if necessary and that the lawyer will have received the documents.
A woman and a boy are begging on the Middle Bridge in Basel. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," she says.
Kendall Jenner's bedroom is a work of art by James Turrell. It's the dimensions of her ex-boyfriend's penis. We don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since we've known since point 5. Kendall is so down to earth, like you can stay down to earth when you own a house with a well-stocked bar. And in a room that she had converted from a cinema to a hobby painting room (how could she? She had a private cinema, gopf!).
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. According to the researchers, it is striking that the findings do not correlate with the severity of the disease that has been experienced.
In Switzerland, same-sex couples could get married. It would give all couples, regardless of gender, the same rights. The opponents describe marriage between a man and a woman as the natural partnership. They are bothered by the fact that Parliament wants to push through the bill "with a mere revision of the law." In your opinion, an amendment to the Federal Constitution is necessary.
Social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked in recent months. But the members of such groups have not simply disappeared from the Internet. They found a place on the social media platform Parler. It's a social network that describes itself as non-biased and advertises freedom of speech.
Cardi B's daughter is so obsessed with Peppa Pig that she wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. In a large proportion of the ex-Covid patients examined, heart damage was detected in a large proportion of the ex-Covid patients examined. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested - but when producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back".
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. In the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
The 27-year-old from Nidwalden won her bronze medal over ten meters in the three-position final. The Olympic champion will return to Switzerland on Monday. In her home town of Wolfenschiessen, things must not have calmed down after her gold medal. "Even after bronze, I thought about what was going on at home," says the woman from Nidwalden. "My father is a wood carver. He made me a cabinet for all my medals. The two Olympic medals will also go in there".
In France, the night curfew has been in force for a week. People are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th. The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples. However, this is not a substitute for protection concepts, but serves as additional protection, according to the government.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. The animal jumped across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers.
The film "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like. And this regardless of the fact that the growing settlement has people in adjacent "We know we're in a bubble, but it's a nice bubble," says resident Tony.The artist Antonio Ligabue (Elio Germano) grew up with foster parents in Switzerland at the beginning of the 20th century After a difficult childhood he was expelled to Italy, where he lived as a young adult without a fixed abode.The only refuge he found in his art, drawing.When he is encouraged by a painter, Ligabue achieves what he never dreamed of: he will be known for his works of art.
In the current episode "Fernweh" we talk to Ennie Fernweh about her first trip to South Africa. In this episode we talk to Ennie about her experiences at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona has died at his home in Argentina. Thousands of people gathered in Buenos Aires to say goodbye to his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. The Argentine government has ordered three days of national mourning.
In Switzerland, Halloween parties have been cancelled because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. The Federal Council recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus.
When looking at the annual table for 2021, the FCB fans who are already suffering are likely to get chills down their spines. FC Basel is second to last in this ranking. FCB was able to win a total of ten points in nine games this year. Bottom is the other big crisis club - FC Sion.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
A five-year-old Afghan boy, Murtaza Ahmadi, is now back in his homeland. His family flees their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. His father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The family had previously applied for asylum in Pakistan, but this was not approved due to lack of funds. Murtaza's uncle says: "Before his trip to Qatar, he was such a happy boy. He talked to everyone. Today he doesn't speak much anymore". Murtuza has now returned to his homeland - and is still a big Messi fan.
On Valentine's Day, there's no reason not to enjoy a tingling date with a new acquaintance. According to the dating company Tinder, you don't have to worry about unwanted calls. Both parties must agree to the video call. Tinder uses its well-known match function for this. So if you are interested in a video call with a new acquaintance, you can easily switch off the video function again.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
A group of travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the newspaper. The canton doctors warned of caution when traveling abroad. According to Health Minister Alain Berset, the federal government is monitoring developments very closely.
In 2020, the Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
The attacker who shot eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis is a 19-year-old ex-employee. The police in the US city announced on Friday the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other four podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The R-value of the Corona virus has caused a great deal of confusion on Tuesday. According to Tanja Stadler, the estimate of the R value only ever indicates a trend as to how the number of infections developed around two weeks ago. The task force therefore does not focus on daily R values, but takes into account the 7-day average together with other indicators when assessing the situation.
The Jungfrau Railways have opened the VIP lounge in Grindelwald. It is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
Ken's childhood was anything but easy: his mother and sister were heroin addicts, and his mother also dealt at home. When Ken was 18, his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. He found her dead in the apartment.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother.
According to market researchers, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big, even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
In the Tigray region of Ethiopia, the People's Liberation Front (TPLF) has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available. What is the conflict about? A brief overview. Abiy Ahmed took office as Prime Minister of Ethiopia in 2018. One year he was later awarded the Nobel Prize for his role in bringing about peace with Eritrea.But earlier this November, somewhat unnoticed, he sent his military into the rebellious Tigray region in the north of the country (the Tigray) attacked military installations of the Ethiopian army and stole weapons, crossing a red line Yes, tensions between the TPLF and Prime Minister Ahmed have existed since he took office in 2018.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 at 11:59 p.m. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team.
US President Joe Biden has said he plans to run for re-election in the 2024 election. The 78-year-old Democrat has so far left open whether he wants to run again after his defeat by Biden last November. To this day, Trump complains that he was deprived of his election victory through fraud. He has not presented any evidence of this. The Trump camp has failed with dozens of lawsuits in different state courts against the results of the election.
The pesticide initiative will not be accepted in Switzerland, says the "SonntagsZeitung". The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner.
The sun shines through the Martinsloch onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The system relieves the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Now the German rap star is back. Almost all old posts are gone, only one was still on her account. The investigation into the Petra Z. case is still ongoing, the verdict is pending.
In Gossau, a woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. The driver suffered undetermined injuries. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "In the medium term, the time horizon should be around fifteen years. With new debt of around CHF 30 billion, that would be CHF 2 billion a year," said the SVP Federal Councilor.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The location was too weak for the bank to use, says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship. In Europe, the attacker could not prevail.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: The parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) will be the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. He is 56-year-old from Portugal and has over 30 years of experience. Experts praise him for his digitization experience. Horta-Osório also campaigns for women's rights. The Portuguese has been promoting women's careers since 2013, which is why the newspaper "Evening Standard" asked whether Horta-Osório was the top feminist among London bankers. Despite his good reputation for the advancement of women, the married top banker with three children is not free from scandals. In 2016, British tabloid The Sun revealed that he met a secret lover at a hotel before the start of a world banking conference he was scheduled to speak at in Asia. According to the newspaper, the Portuguese spent the equivalent of almost 5,000 francs in the hotel – including treatments in the spa. Horta-Osório also campaigns for women's rights.
Donald Trump believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election, but they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election. It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The perpetrators were probably very well organized. Suspicious people should be reported to the police. With a message to the Thurgau Agriculture Association and in the trade journal "Thurgauer Bauer", farmers who use such high-tech machines should be made aware of the risk of theft.
Vielen Dank für Teilnahme! Thank you for participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, a 36-year-old employee of the daycare center in Allschwil was observed by a work colleague. He was accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. He was dismissed without notice. Now the charges against the former day care worker are available, as the "Basler Zeitung" (paid article) reports.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She only learned to swim when she was twelve, she says in an interview with "Tele Züri". She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you. Since swimming is not an issue for Martullo-Blocher, the moderator would like to know which sport or which hobbies she pursues.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feeds. In a total of six photos, Gigi shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail - a lavishly decorated Christmas tree, for example, Santa Claus socks by the fireplace and countless colorful lamps (can be admired in the photo gallery above). With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline. The reason for this lies in Gigi's stretcher.
Queen Elizabeth and Duchess Kate are looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment. In addition, it is expected that the park grounds and Anmer Hall itself will be made ready for the season. Means: Cover the roses in autumn, protect the plants from frost in winter and sow seeds in spring. High demands, but not surprising for a boss who likes to get involved in the countryside herself.
Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
Reto M.*, as a service technician, drove a car every day. Although he never drove stoned, the office orders a precautionary withdrawal of ID. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. A news scout, who observed the situation in St. Gallen intensively yesterday, also expects further marches: "As long as people are dissatisfied with the current situation, they will continue to come".
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final?
Australian filmmakers are relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. Oscar winner Julia Roberts (53), for example, will probably stay in the southern hemisphere for a while. The list of other major projects that have been relocated to Australia is long. "Thirteen Lives", the film adaptation of the rescue operation in the Thai Tham Luang Cave with stars like Colin Farrell (44) and Viggo Mortensen (62), "God's Favorite Idiot", a Netflix comedy series with Melissa McCarthy (50) or the fantasy flick "Three Thousand Years of Longing" with Idris Elba (48) and Tilda Swinton (60) are just a few well-known film names. The Australian government certainly had a hand in this: last summer it pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, Thailand's largest producers, still sources coconuts from farms that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. In addition to Denner, Coop and various Swiss online shops also sell the brand. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday, news scout Toni Kurz drove to work and parked his Audi Q5 in the parking lot of his home in some BE. He found the car in the Emmental. "At first I was happy, but then I was told it was involved in an accident. It was a total loss." Worse still, the man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized. The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The details are currently the subject of investigations".
Mike stole from her, but he never admitted it. Mike was a parasite, he completely drained me. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination.
"Who we were" is a documentary about how things are with our planet. It takes us to impressive locations, including the depths of the ocean, to the contaminated zone of Fukushima and into space. A film as a research trip, that's what drove Bauder: "We have information that didn't exist years ago. So how can I network this information and get people out of their passivity?" Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst.
A new tool can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is offering financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt".
According to a study, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. He had wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The reason: a massive breakdown in corona tests on Bavarian motorways.
The 16 Bernese who had to answer in court after the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The clinics are overcrowded. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied. The regional journal also spoke to psychologist Diana Vorpe from the Basel-Stadt family counseling service. For families who are already struggling, whether it's job loss or substance abuse, the fallout from the pandemic could be the last straw.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." When Andrea came back from an interview one day, she left her dictaphone unattended in the radio studio for a moment. When she wanted to listen to the recording, it was gone.
Workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. For example, on ten-hour days they are supposed to state that they have taken a two-hour break and still work on the days that are actually non-working without being stamped in. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
An ecological disaster is taking its course in the holiday paradise of Mauritius: around 1000 tons of oil ran out of the stranded freighter Wakashio in the past few days. Local people fear for their livelihood: A border opening after the Corona lockdown was announced for September - but now the oil debacle is causing further uncertainty in the tourism industry.
The Swiss Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi. The company expects that the number of Easter travelers will exceed capacity in some cases: it cannot be ruled out that in individual cases or in the event of a disruption, there may be high frequencies on individual trains.
The canton of Lucerne has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured. "She was taken to the hospital by the ambulance service 144. The injuries are likely to be of a lighter nature," said the police.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. Now the director of the English health service NHS intervened: Professor Stephen Powis told the BBC that "these are not really the proposals that we would recommend". In the case of a corona infection, the advice of "serious science" should be followed, according to Powis.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting.
The Swiss Supreme Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool".
Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas car. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the tank's safety bladder. The investigation also revealed that various technical things in the car saved Grosjean's life and cushioned the force of the impact.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, but was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA). Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods. It is part of the mandate of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) to check goods, people and means of transport depending on the situation and risk.
Max Heinzer performs a fencing video in an ice hockey goal. The 33-year-old trains like this every day. He says that he always has to be highly concentrated. "I don't stand up and do a bit. That's why a session doesn't last longer than 15 minutes. I don't want to get a bruise".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon. According to the cantonal police in Basel-Stadt, a tip had previously been received that there could be a hand grenade in the studio behind the building of a recently deceased person. After an initial clarification, the police specialists called in the defusing service of the Zurich Forensic Institute. The defusers also had a transport container for dangerous objects with them. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue. Marvel has confirmed that the sequel will do without a digital form of Chadwick Boseman.
"The Night Clerk" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In some stores of major retailers, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”. Modern buildings in particular are usually better insulated, which also affects reception.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
Nintendo has announced a new Switch console. This will replace the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles.
Timea Bacsinszky has resigned after 18 years as a professional tennis player. The 32-year-old from Lausanne announced her resignation on Instagram. During her career, she won six titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017. Above all, the legendary game against Serena Williams remains unforgotten.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the European Championship final. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met a woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while we were walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter.