I'm not going to my sister's wedding this year. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
GC is aware that it will be difficult, almost impossible, to find out about their origin. For example, if a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way What's stopping GC from doing a DNA test? "The tests aren't 100% reliable either. I definitely don't want to get bogged down in something just to be disappointed. For example, if a supposed parentage turns out to be wrong." She has never felt like a stranger in the family, says GC.
In Switzerland, household helpers receive around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation. Customers can't extend their subscriptions during shutdowns, but they are not reimbursed for the service not used due to the lockdown. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The aim of the regulation is to spread the financial damage caused by the pandemic over a longer period of time. "That makes it manageable for us." However, the regulation contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Kanye West (43) and Irina Shayk (35) are in love. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained.
In the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th, the highest warning level was red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th. On December 30, 2020, there were still 119 people. 21 people had to be ventilated on Monday. Of the 49 available intensive care beds, 43 were occupied at 7 a.m. on Monday morning, which corresponds to an occupancy rate of 88 percent. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
Susanna Ohlen (39) reported last Sunday for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win. That should change on Tuesday evening. Davide Callà: The games were always hard-fought, emotional and often decided by controversial decisions. This time the VAR comes along and that's why scenes like this shouldn't happen again. We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day. To be honest, one has to say that Thun was not in the form after the winter break and FC St. Gallen was not as strong as it was in the third and fourth quarters of the championship.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry".
Silver Sparrow is a new type of malware that appears on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. Hotspots are the USA, Great Britain, Canada, France and Germany.
A 21-year-old man from Eritrea was caught on Friday in a bus in Zugerland. He then attacked two ZVB inspectors before being arrested. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday. Because he didn't have a valid ticket and didn't want to identify himself, the inspectors got off with him at the "Kolinplatz" stop. The man from Eritrea then wanted to evade control and physically attacked the two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed.
Restaurants, bars and clubs have been locked down for two weeks. The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday whether they can use the curfew. Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The aim of the Dining Pass is to attract customers who would otherwise never find their way to the pub to visit during the week.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA. Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) recently spoke up on Facebook. He criticized the measures taken by BR. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition. "Everything would have been fine," says the future national coach after his penultimate career race.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
In France, a family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway on Monday evening. The car caught fire before it rolled over. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. Four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries. An investigation into the incident has been launched.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. With big smiles on their faces, the seven women and eight men left the Lombrives cave in the Pyrenees on Saturday, where they had spent the last 40 days and nights without sunlight and clocks for a scientific study. First impressions: time seemed to pass much more slowly in this isolation and they felt more at peace.
In Nice, Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrated his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Ryan Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
In Switzerland, boys are circumcised for religious reasons. In the case against the surgeon Guido Baumgartner, there was no trial at all because the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office rejected the lawsuit against the doctor.
Zweifel chips are celebrating the European Championship with these three flavors. The chips are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. But not everyone is so harsh on the new Zweifel chips: "The bacon and egg chips taste a bit like sulphur, but they're not bad," says Ken, 33, in a 20-minute street poll.
A father and his nine-year-old daughter were sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs. The judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. The couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120. The judge argued that there was never an immediate, concrete and unavoidable danger to the life and limb of the then pregnant wife and the unborn baby. As the judge further stated, the parents were not entitled to keep their daughter away from school. In addition, they would have put their own well-being above the well-being of others because they would have constantly overworked the teacher. The fault is therefore not insignificant.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer this year. The striker scored 18 goals for Benfica this year. He is also the second most accurate Swiss footballer this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy is still available. But the lockdown puts a spanner in the works for customers. Consumers who now want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. The retailer wants to reassure consumers. In the next few days, customers with full collection books should be able to order the products online and pick them up in the branches using a pick-up truck.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. Both books tell about the everyday life of a child, one with two mothers and one with two fathers, writes "ABC News". The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations.
"Domina" is the first international drama series to be made in Switzerland. The series will be shot in Switzerland, Switzerland and Germany. "Domina" is the first Swiss drama series to be made in the country. "Domina" is the first Swiss drama series to be made in Switzerland, Switzerland and Germany. "Domina" is the first Swiss drama series to be made in Switzerland.
The Austrian National Council debated on the controversial Corona test in the Austrian National Assembly on Thursday. In his contribution to the debate, he tried to prove that simple cola produces a positive result in the rapid corona tests and that the entire mass corona tests are a complete waste of taxpayers' money. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus. As "t-online" reports, the rapid tests are coated with antibodies to which color particles are coupled. If they encounter a Sars-CoV2 virus, there is a reaction with antigens of the virus. This makes the color particles visible - the strip changes color.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick". Among other things, two Somali children from Bern are said to be among the victims of the 38-year-old.
The vaccination strategy of the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. According to the BAG, the threshold for herd immunity in the current situation with the prevailing variant B1.1.7 is around 80 percent immune in the total population. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
Swiss Covid is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from the IT security company Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
After Friday's rock fall, another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. The authorities have published a map in which the restricted area is marked. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until Sunday noon.
"Kanye West was with me for about three and a half hours," says Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter. On his discreet tour of Graubünden, Kanye West got an impression of the works of Graubünden architect Valerio Olgiati. He also visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR.
A mentally ill man started a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man was paranoid schizophrenia.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that". Nevertheless, calls for his resignation became louder.
Ermedin Demirovic (22) scored three goals and set up seven assists. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker says he is happy with his achievements.
Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy every Friday for three weeks. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The second part focuses on a summer camp in 1978, the third part is dedicated to witch hunts and sheds light on the Origin of the curse in 1666.
Around 20 demonstrators gathered in Zurich on International Women's Day. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. "We are tired of experiencing violence on a daily basis, even as we stand up against violence against ourselves," writes the "Feminist Strike Collective" on social media.
The weather in Switzerland will change on Saturday. The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected.
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. If the temperatures do not drop at night either, this is extremely tiring for the human body because it cannot recover.
A 75-year-old driver drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. He received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Youtuber Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. She had had Bowser for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers.
In Sri Lanka, a man finds a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats. According to the Sri Lankan authorities, it is said to be the largest accumulation of sapphires in the world.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said. The paint was not disposed of intentionally, authorities said.
The police in Konstanz (D) are investigating a gang of parcel thieves. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts. Covid cases with the highly contagious South African variant B.1.351 have become known in the Hotel Kempinski and in Badrutt's Palace in St. Moritz GR. The guests present are now under quarantine.
The Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the quarantine list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. The victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores. On request, Jumbo reports that dehumidifiers are currently selling 214 percent better than in the same period last year.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
The army has started a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated".
A luxury playhouse for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, they can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel. There, too, people remain silent: Georges-André Lozouet, media spokesman for the Neuchâtel cantonal police, cannot reveal how many police officers will be on site due to the strategic planning.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
A 19-year-old driver drove to Rosenbergstrasse in St. Gallen. He drove at a high speed and drove off the tracks. The accident resulted in damage of around one hundred thousand francs. The 19-year-old is now being put to the test. The young man will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf's Ju-Air crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok on social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok.
Jeff Bridges announced the shocking news of his cancer in October, and now the 71-year-old has shared positive news: on his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. "The thing has shrunk drastically," Bridges writes after a computed tomography was done to see if the treatment was helping. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on social media channels. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues. With more than 160 comments on the Facebook post, there is little praise and support, as reported by Die Ostschweiz.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to information from the "Marinelink" shipping platform, the ship named Wakashio crashed in a "sensitive area" east of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Two thirds of adults aged 16 and over in Switzerland have been vaccinated at least once. In recent weeks, however, the vaccination campaign has lost momentum, and the number of daily doses has now fallen to the April level. One is a long way from the desired vaccination target of 80 percent. Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely. According to the newspaper "Bund", the canton of Bern is also planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is not the first time that an antenna has been set on fire in Switzerland. The police are now sensitized to the attacks. However, there is no legal way to defend themselves if an antenna that has already been set up causes damage.
A road rescue course took place last week in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site". The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG has complained about the noise of the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
Andrea Strähl from Basel has posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, and James Turrell, 37, have created a work of art in her bedroom. "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says the model. We don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
Social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked in recent months. But the members of such groups have not simply disappeared from the Internet. Rather, they had to look for new places where they can express their opinions without being banned or labeled. They found such a place on Parler. It's a social network that describes itself as non-biased and advertises freedom of speech. In fact, Parler, which was founded in Texas in 2018, has climbed to the top of the most downloaded free apps in the US in the past few days.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. Her daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. "This shit gets on my nerves! She breaks her Uggs," Cardi wrote on Twitter.
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. In a large proportion of the ex-Covid patients examined, heart damage was detected in a large proportion of the ex-Covid patients examined. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis. The Bernards advertise that they offer "complete but affordable funerals" and have been known for their quirky TV commercials in the United States in recent years. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back".
The first mass test in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
More than 15 years ago, singer Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See".
Nina Christen is involved in the three-position final. After three of five series, the bronze winner over ten meters is suddenly on the silver rank. Shortly thereafter, Christen even leads the field. The Swiss scores two more direct hits and crowns her furious race to catch up with the Olympic title! In the end, the 27-year-old has 463.9 points on the scoreboard - an Olympic record.
More than a million coronavirus infections have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27. Because of Corona, she was unable to go on three trips: "Peru last April, Madagascar in August and at the moment we would be through on our early honeymoon South America". You can find out which other holidays 20-Minute readers had to cancel and what that means for them in the picture gallery above. Fearing losing her job, reader Anna D'Aiuto, 25, canceled the planned trip to Costa Rica with her boyfriend: "We are sad, disappointed and angry".
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. The Federal Council also proposes that the federal government assume the costs for all rapid tests in pharmacies and test centers. This rule also applies to cross-border commuters.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. It laid an egg on the spot. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. Then he threw it away. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
The film "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like. And this regardless of the fact that the growing settlement has people in adjacent "We know we're in a bubble, but it's a nice bubble," says resident Tony.The artist Antonio Ligabue (Elio Germano) grew up with foster parents in Switzerland at the beginning of the 20th century After a difficult childhood he was expelled to Italy, where he lived as a young adult without a fixed abode.
In this episode, we talk about how Ennie travels to South Africa. What she experiences at a party night in a township, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona has died. Thousands of people gathered in Buenos Aires to say goodbye to his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. The Argentine government ordered three days of national mourning.
The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
FC Basel is second to last in the annual table for 2021. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. As in the "normal" season table, champion YB is right at the front with a clear lead. Seven wins and three draws add up to a whopping 24 points from 10 games.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people.
Murtaza Ahmadi is a nine-year-old Afghan boy who is a big fan of Lionel Messi. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza has now returned to his homeland - and is still a big fan.
On February 14th, there will be a Valentine's Day. But that's no reason not to enjoy a tingling date, according to the dating app Tinder. Since October last year, the Tinder app has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
From June, the Swiss sports world will be able to compete again. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. A special problem: The American footballers in Switzerland. A squad consists of about 40-60 people. In a game, around 100 people would meet – there is no place for that in the new Federal Council ordinance. The season should start on June 19th.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the newspaper, without naming individual countries. The canton doctors warned of caution when traveling abroad.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people.
The attacker who shot eight people in a distribution center of the parcel service Fedex in Indianapolis is a 19-year-old ex-employee. The police in the US city announced on Friday the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other four podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The number of cases of coronavirus in Switzerland has caused a great deal of confusion. The Federal Council based its decisions on the new measures in the fight against the corona virus on an excessive number of reproductions. For December 4th, ETH estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher.
Grindelwald Terminal. It sounds more like an airport than a gondola - and that's what it looks like: arrival hall, moving walkways, restaurants, a multi-storey car park, a train connection and a VIP lounge. At the end of the week, the CHF 470 million V-Cableway project will officially go into operation after a construction period of a good two and a half years. With the V-Bahn project, the Jungfrau Railways want to return to the top league.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
Ken's mother was a heroin addict. When Ken was 18, his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. He found her dead in the apartment. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
Ethiopia has declared the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns on Sunday, September 19 to the Bellerive Plage lido. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team.
US President Joe Biden said he wants to run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago. When asked if he wanted to run again with his running mate, Kamala Harris, as running mate, Biden said he expected that too.
If the pesticide initiative is accepted, it could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. Lorenz Hirt, director of the food industry association Fial, shares these concerns.
On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm, followed by a visit to the landslide landscape.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The new system would relieve the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Two hours later, she announced her second album via the Insta profile of Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio, already revealing the album's cover art, titled "Medusa." On Monday evening, the rapper followed up with her own upload (below). It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story".
A woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a motorcyclist drove behind her. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
The Federal Council has not yet decided how exactly the hole of an estimated 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers is to be plugged. Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years that will be necessary. "There are still many uncertainties, we want to know the facts more precisely," said Maurer in an online interview with "Finanz und Wirtschaft" on Tuesday.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was only 25 years old. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship. In Europe, the attacker could not prevail.
Reto Moser is proud of his son's apprenticeship this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. He hasn't given an interview for a long time that wasn't for PR purposes - in which it hadn't been agreed beforehand what was allowed to be asked. And his coach Severin Lüthi is not commenting at the moment either. All of this points to the fact that it doesn't look 100 percent wonderful.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of Lloyds Bank, will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho. Experts praise him for his digitization experience. He trimmed Lloyds to become Britain's most digital major bank with the highest spending on technology compared to the total costs, as the financial news portal "Finews" writes. Horta-Osório made headlines shortly after joining Lloyds in 2011. When he was one of the highest-paid bankers in the City of London and admitted to a special clinic for burnout, the tabloid media described him as the most expensive patient. Horta-Osório spoke widely about the disease, overcame it, and then steered Lloyds out of the red and back into profitability. Since then, he has worked to ensure that his employees are protected from psychological pressure, as the finance blog "Inside Paradeplatz" writes.
President Donald Trump said Pfizer was playing "corrupt games" in the US elections. The president believes the drug company deliberately waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. According to the New York Post, Pfizer has denied an intentional delay. According to their own statements, Biontech and Pfizer have now applied to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for emergency authorization for their coronavirus vaccine.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. In all four cases, the thieves acted similarly.
Vielen Dank für die Teilnahme!
A woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, the 36-year-old accused of multiple sexual acts with children was arrested by a work colleague in the Globegarden daycare center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil. He is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. On the day of his arrest, he took advantage of the fact that he was alone with a dozen children in the daycare dormitory at noon. There he is said to have grabbed the penis of a 4-year-old boy and orally stimulated his genitals.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water.
A floating bed on a farm in Toggenburg offers guests a night under the stars. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm. If the experience goes down well, people consider repeating the campaign next year.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with a new Insta image feed. In a total of six photos, Gigi shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail. With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline. The reason for this lies in Gigi's stretcher.
The Queen's London estate is looking for a head gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, they state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year. The FSO writes: "Among the approximately 8,380 people aged 65 and older who died more than expected in the second wave, some were probably in such poor health that their lives were only shortened by a few weeks". In other words, some of the people who fell victim to Corona in the second wave would, as expected, have died one way or another a few weeks later.
Reto M. gets his driver's license back. He never posed a danger to road traffic. Nevertheless, he lost his job as a service technician and was unemployed for two years. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. FDP Councilor of States Andrea Caroni wants to speed up the procedure for a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license: According to the new regulation, M.* should have been informed within ten days whether a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license is ordered Or if he gets his driver's license back. M. could have contested this order in the first ten days and then every three months.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen. In a relevant telegram group, the eyes are on the St. Gallen police.
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian filmmakers are relying on almost Covid-free Australia, which has enormous film sets to offer. Oscar winner Julia Roberts (53), for example, will probably stay in the southern hemisphere for a while. She is currently filming the political thriller "Gaslit" with Sean Penn (60) - and then the romance "Ticket to Paradise" with George Clooney (59). The list of other major projects that have been relocated to Australia is long. "Thirteen Lives", the film adaptation of the rescue operation in the Thai Tham Luang Cave with stars like Colin Farrell (44) and Viggo Mortensen (62), "God's Favorite Idiot", a Netflix comedy series with Melissa McCarthy (50) or the fantasy flick "Three Thousand Years of Longing" with Idris Elba (48) and Tilda Swinton (60) are just a few well-known film names.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh still supplies its coconuts from farms that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday morning, news scout Toni Kurz has driven to work. He found a stolen Audi Q5 in the Emmental. "At first I was happy, but then I was told it was involved in an accident". Worse still, the man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized. The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in the municipality of Zäziwil."The driver came off the road in a left-hand bend in Oberthal and drove his car into a creek bed," said Kapo spokesman Patrick Jean.The man had to be treated in the hospital, but has now been called up for investigations brought to a police station."The details are currently the subject of investigations".
Mike was a parasite, but he stole from her. Serena and Mike are now single and childless. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. Almost two decades have passed since that fact. But the night shapes me to this day. Apart from the fact that I still have consequential damage - my intestines were massively injured at the time - I find it very difficult to trust men.
"I didn't have any length in mind, I just said to myself that the film would take the time it needed. And it did," says author and director Marc Bauder in a press statement about "Who we were". It has become about two hours - two hours in which it is shown how things are with our planet. And from a new point of view, the documentary relies on a change of perspective: Bauder takes us to impressive locations, including the depths of the ocean, to the contaminated zone of Fukushima and into space.
An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
In Sydney, cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters. The researchers looked at whether the birds had taught themselves how to open the bins or whether they had imitated others.
At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking. Out of 1,000 women offered shopping vouchers, 177 would quit smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Markus Söder canceled a trip to the North Sea on Wednesday. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend. The reason: a massive breakdown in corona tests on Bavarian motorways. According to Melanie Huml, Bavaria's Minister of Health, there is a problem with the transmission of the results.
The eviction of an occupation of the Bern-Canton Police was acquitted today. The police officers were confronted with "massive violence" during their deployment: "It can't be that such violence doesn't have legal consequences." Adrian Wüthrich, President of the Bern-Canton Police Association, was also "amazed" by the verdict. In the squatter scene, on the other hand, one feels vindicated.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The classic rookie mistake," explains Freezy. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." When Andrea came back from an interview one day, she left her dictaphone unattended in the radio studio for a moment. When she wanted to listen to the recording, it was gone.
Polish construction workers at the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined". The fitters, welders and locksmiths have been employed since the beginning of September as part of the annual inspection work. Due to various subcontractors involved, the responsibilities are difficult to assign, the newspaper writes.
An ecological disaster is taking its course in the holiday paradise of Mauritius: around 1000 tons of oil ran out of the stranded freighter Wakashio in the past few days. A border opening after the Corona lockdown was announced for September - but now the oil debacle is causing further uncertainty in the tourism industry.
The Swiss Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi to 20 minutes. The SBB explains that it will not advertise the extra trains, but will draw attention to the protection concepts.
The police have received over 300 reports of thunderstorms in the canton of Lucerne. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. "It left me with persistent fatigue and brain fog." The latter, in German brain fog, refers to a phenomenon in which those affected have symptoms such as concentration problems and memory disorders. She is now doing Will Cole's fast diet. For example, she avoids sugar and alcohol and mainly consumes butyrates, fish oil, zinc and selenium as well as vitamins B and D3.
"I think the pay is okay. Of course you have to ask yourself whether you want that - the job is more strenuous than you think, but more mentally than physically". "It would be nice if we met more as equals. The customer is king, but the question is, what kind of king do you want to be?"
Switzerland and the European Union have reached an agreement on a framework agreement. The institutional agreement would have fundamentally changed the relationship between Switzerland and the EU (see box). Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Previously, changes had to be renegotiated each time.
The Aargau High Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry in the Swiss register to be accepted. However, the responsible department rejected the request to delete the gender entry. P. then lodged a complaint with the Aargau High Court with the support of the "Transgender Network Switzerland" (TGNS).
Daniil Grosjean crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas Haas. The car was torn in two. Fortunately, the 34-year-old survived. But how did this horror crash come about? An investigation by the safety department of the FIA clarified exactly this question. The trigger for the serious crash was Daniil Kwjat in Alpha Tauri. At 241 km/h, the cars of the two drivers touched each other.
On July 16, a Romanian van was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA). They found several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a ice hockey goalie. He trains like this every day. He says he always has to be highly concentrated. "I don't stand up and do a bit. That's why a session doesn't last longer than 15 minutes. I don't want to get a bruise".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman. Holland was worried at first, he tells EW.com. "How are these guys going to make the leap from the biggest movie of all time?" Today the 24-year-old says: "Looking back, it's my favorite film I've ever worked on".
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue. However, Marvel has confirmed that the sequel will do without a digital form of Chadwick Boseman.
"Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
The "Tages-Anzeiger" (Payment Items) test shows that there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”. Modern buildings in particular are usually better insulated, which also affects reception.
The accident happened shortly before 8 a.m., as Hanspeter Krüsi, spokesman for the St. Gallen canton police, confirmed a report from nau.ch. It was a self-accident. No other vehicles were involved. Army spokeswoman Delphine Allemand confirmed the accident on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
Nintendo has announced a new Switch. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking tennis star has had enough of top tennis. She also won the WTA titles in Luxembourg (2009), Acapulco and Monterrey (both Mexico 2015) and Rabat (Morocco 2016). She also won six titles in doubles with various partners.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will officiate the European Championship. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met a woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. The date really went haywire and she broke off contact with me.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. Among other things, an official published a photo of a black Santa Claus, writing: "There will be no white Christmas this year". Santa Claus has already adapted to the environment.