Timon and Ella have been dating for a while now. But Timon is not exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his front teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches. AHHHH! You see, I'm insecure about my feelings. And that insecurity is also the reason I'm not taking Timon to my sister's wedding.
For a long time, GC didn't really care that her social father was not genetically related to her. Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs. If a match is found, for example because a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way.
In Switzerland, household helpers receive the highest gross wages. Cleaning aids in the low-tax cantons of Nidwalden (CHF 31.60) and Schwyz (CHF 31.30, other cantons in the photo gallery) receive almost the same amount as in Zurich. A wage comparison for babysitters shows: In the canton of Obwalden, they get the most with an average of 32 francs. Nannys in the two Appenzell cantons also get over 30 francs per hour (30-50 francs each). The canton of Geneva brings up the rear with CHF 22.55.
Clever-Fit has introduced a new regulation on social media. The cancellation time is not credited to Clever Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit feels blackmailed by this regulation. Clever-Fit tries to bind customers to itself with coercion. The consumer forum does not support this approach, says Babette Sigg, President of the Swiss Consumer Forum: "This means that the customer can insist on being reimbursed for the service not used due to the lockdown".
Kanye West and Irina Shayk are rumored to have dined together. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting: An anonymous source who works at the restaurant where Kanye and Irina are said to have dined together has leaked the info to the site's operators. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved. In 2010, Irina had a guest appearance in Kanye's video for the song "Famous", two years later she walked the catwalk for his fashion label at Paris Fashion Week.
Albert Spirig was known as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
Drew Brees, New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback, has spoken out against police violence in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained. Other athletes, especially from the USA, reacted with criticism to Brees' statements.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday - and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. According to Lustat, 126 people were hospitalized in the canton of Lucerne on Monday, January 4th.
Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau were on trial for child rape. Mary Kay Letourneau was 34, married and a mother of four when she began a sexual relationship with 13-year-old Vili Fualaau in 1996. The two were caught when police caught them having sex in a car. Their older daughter was born when Mary Kay was on trial for child rape and Vili was just 14 years old.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
Susanna Ohlen reported last Sunday for the German private broadcaster RTL from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which later ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. JBS informed the US government about the attack on Sunday. The company had previously announced through its subsidiary JBS USA that it had become the target of an organized cyber attack.
The European Champions League will not be held without Swiss clubs. Instead, Switzerland has three qualifying places for the newly created Europa Conference League. There, the runner-up and the third in the table of the Super League as well as the cup winner all have to play in the second qualifying round. A total of three rounds must then be survived in order to make it into the group phase.
Davide Callà talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win. That should change on Tuesday evening (here live from 8:15 p.m.). FCW captain and former FCB player Davide Callà is hoping for the first win against Basel. Davide Callà: The games were always hard-fought, emotional and often decided by controversial decisions. This time the VAR comes along and that's why scenes like this shouldn't happen again. We believe in it, but we are also aware that a lot depends on how you are on the day.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives.
Silver Sparrow is a new type of malware that appears on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. It is a concern for security researchers: "With its global reach, relatively high infection rate and operational maturity, Silver Sparrow represents a serious threat," says the official blog of security company Red Canary, based in the USA.
A 21-year-old man was caught on Friday in a bus in the city of Zug. He wanted to evade control and attacked two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed.
Swiss restaurants, bars and clubs have been locked down for a week. The Swiss Gastrosuisse association is appealing to politicians. It is a long-term campaign and aims to get people to eat out more often. The industry association Gastrosuisse did not want to comment on crowdfunding when asked by 20 minutes.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) has been criticized on social media for criticizing the corona measures. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A road accident that killed five children shakes France. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously. It is therefore a married couple with their four children and the husband's sister-in-law and their two children. Five children aged 3 and 14 died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries.
15 people left the Lombrives cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute call the project Deep Time, which aims to clarify how people adapt to drastic changes in their living conditions and their environment. The temperature in the cave was ten degrees Celsius and the relative humidity was 100 percent. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia has won 21 fights in 21 bouts. His second son, Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Anchorage, Fairbanks, Juneau and Ketchikan airports are scheduled to be vaccinated from June 1st. At the end of April there will be a test phase for traveling residents.
In Switzerland, circumcision of boys has been banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys.
Zweifel is celebrating the European Championship with a limited edition of chips. The flavors are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. Only the chicken flavor in Chörbli made it to three and a half stars: "It tastes good, but not a trace of chicken," says one review.
Because they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs. The judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs.
Cephas Malele has scored 18 goals this season. He plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges. The striker is the second most accurate Swiss footballer this year.
Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked trophy shelves. The premiums are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're gay. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for publishing two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations. The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law. Among other things, the new law prohibits educational programs or advertising by large companies that declare solidarity with homosexuals and transsexuals. There should also be no more educational books about it.
You're on "Domina"! Yes, unbelievable. I worked very hard on my English for the audition. And then this call came: You're on "Domina". What do your Swiss friends say about your success with "Domina"? So far they can't really imagine it. What do your Swiss friends say about your success with "Domina"? So far they can't really imagine it.
Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment. He dribbled a bit of cola from a glass onto a rapid corona test he had brought with him. The test strip changed colour, and for Schnedlitz this was proof that the rapid tests were completely useless and that mass testing in Austria was a complete waste of taxpayers' money.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick".
The Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity. FDP National Councilor Christian Wasserfallen is less convinced of the vaccination rate.
The Swiss Covid app is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another rock fall occurred in Raron on Saturday. "This morning around 4 a.m. there was another major demolition," writes Isabelle von Roten from the community leadership team. However, no intervention was necessary because the water is still draining well.
Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter, visited Kanye West's house in Graubünden. He was with him for about three and a half hours. Afterwards, the two played a board game together.
A mentally ill man is accused of setting a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man is charged with paranoid schizophrenia. He has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative.
The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker Ermedin Demirovic (22) has scored three goals so far in the Bundesliga. He admits that things are going well for him at the moment. He says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench. But he fought, worked hard and gave it his all in training. The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The second part focuses on a summer camp in 1978, the third part is dedicated to witch hunts and sheds light on the Origin of the curse in 1666.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police had taken action against the protesters and used tear gas. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters.
The low "Gudrun" has passed over western Switzerland, in the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn. There are heavy downpours and thunderstorms, as Meteonews writes.
The sales of bratwurst in St. Gallen fell significantly this year. Butchers that do not cover both sectors have felt this change strongly. A striking difference could be determined this year, namely that consumer behavior has changed significantly. One is glad that the year is now over and one wishes that the corona pandemic will soon come to an end.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
This year, the Digital Days are taking place in Switzerland. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more. 20 Minuten summarized the highlights of this year's Digital Days in the photo gallery (above). The full program can be found here. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, she lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction. At the same time, the car that caused the accident collided with a second car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away, the Zug police said.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant turned to his guests on Thursday via video on Facebook. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. In a 24-minute YouTube video, the couple explain that they tried to find him a new home without children.
A man in Sri Lanka is digging a hole in his garden. He discovers a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
In the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan, Indonesia, people were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three thieves. They were employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined. Basically, it is important to get an accurate picture of the situation. DHL also reserves the right to take legal action if necessary.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the quarantine list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general".
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. The cost to insurers is in the millions. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores. Dehumidifiers are currently selling 214 percent better than in the same period last year.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
The military is starting a Covid vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer.
In the USA, luxury playhouses for children can cost up to the equivalent of almost 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, they can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13, "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. The police were able to determine who caused the accident. It is a 19-year-old from the city of St. Gallen. He had drunk a colleague's car key and drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf's Ju-Air crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
The video on Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. "That was funny," writes the 18-year-old creator MK*. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was filmed, condemns the act in the strongest possible terms.
The 71-year-old "The Big Lebowski" star has revealed that his tumor has regressed. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there. The goal is that the hall can be used again without restrictions after the summer holidays at the latest.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a political statement on social media. On Facebook, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. The message from the organizers of the popular open air is direct and clear. The reactions in the comments are just as clear and direct. With more than 160 comments on the Facebook post, there is little praise and support, as reported by Die Ostschweiz. Many think they never want to go to the Openair St. Gallen again.
On July 25, a freighter crashed off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board at the time of the accident. The "Wakashio" belongs to a Japanese shipping company, but sails under the Panamanian flag.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Two thirds of adults aged 16 and over in Switzerland have been vaccinated at least once. In recent weeks, however, the vaccination campaign has lost momentum, and the number of daily doses has now fallen to the April level. One is a long way from the desired vaccination target of 80 percent. Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual. In Sri Lanka, many people still believe in magic. They assume that this will heal them from ailments, or help to solve family disputes and financial problems, among other things.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun was on fire on Monday. It is a case of arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says Gnägi.
The road rescue course in Frauenfeld was run by the Fire Brigade Coordination East. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site". The course took place in Frauenfeld for the first time and went well.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) reported 157,968 registered unemployed at the end of March. That is 9,985 fewer than in the previous month. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
"It rattles at 5 a.m. when the first buses drive," says Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG. His troubles began eight years ago when the canton renovated the Bahnhofstrasse in front of his house. According to Sieber, "for aesthetic reasons, concrete slabs were used as a surface instead of asphalt". The result for Sieber: He hears a "Tagg-Tagg" in his apartment with every passing vehicle.
A woman on Facebook posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge. The reactions to her post were not long in coming. She is annoyed that the authorities and politicians are not communicating anything about this.
Kendall Jenner, 24, lives in a tiny apartment in Los Angeles. Her bedroom is filled with artwork by the US artist James Turrell (77). This work of art by the Englishwoman Tracey Emin hangs in the anteroom of her bedroom. "I'm pretty sure these are the dimensions of Tracey's ex-boyfriend's penis," explains the homeowner, "and the message at the end is for his new girlfriend: 'Glad to hear you're a happy girl.' Because he's got a really big penis, I suppose." Alright cool. She has placed such structures around the stacks of books in front of her bed. "I don't know what exactly those copper energy rings are for, but I also have some on my lights and around my water bottle and I'm comfortable around them." She apparently hid the dream catcher, the rose quartz and the glasses full of her own urine in the closet before the shoot. We don't know because we're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. According to the researchers, it is striking that the findings do not correlate with the severity of the disease that has been experienced.
In Switzerland, same-sex couples could get married. Same-sex couples already have the option of marriage through registered partnership. The opponents are bothered by the fact that Parliament wants to push through the bill "with a mere revision of the law." What's next? A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
The social media platform Parler has become a breeding ground for conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists. The network has been used primarily as a mouthpiece for supporters of the American Conservative Party. However, it is not done on purpose, says the CEO and founder by Parler, John Matze. "It is true that many users are pro-Trump. I don't care. I don't judge them for their views." He also slammed tech companies Twitter and Facebook to Fox News for saying they went too far in labeling the president's posts as potentially untrue, showing just how biased they really are Political influencer Camille Wead, known by the nickname "Blond Politician," agrees, too, accusing the big social media companies of suppressing the voice of Trump supporters, which is why she has an account created on Parler, which is followed by 100,000 people.
Rapper Cardi B (28) takes on Peppa Pig on Twitter. Because Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) is so obsessed with the British cartoon character that she currently wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. "This shit gets on my nerves! She breaks her Uggs," Cardi wrote on Twitter. "Peppa Pig" is a British animated children's series that has achieved cult status around the world. In the series, the pig Peppa explores the world and learns something new every day - including that splashing in puddles is a lot of fun.
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
"Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back". The two find out that they are stuck in an endless loop and have an infinite amount of time at their disposal. Through small things that they discover in their environment, they want to make their days together as perfect as possible. At the same time, the two also decide that they want to find out how and if they can break out of the loop at all.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
More than 15 years ago, singer Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
Nina Christen has won the bronze medal in the three-position final. The 27-year-old is on course for a medal, although it is her weakest sub-discipline. Once again, she proves her strong nerves and pushes herself forward with every shot.
More than a million new cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The health authority said there were a total of 1.04 million confirmed cases by Friday evening. A record 42,032 was reported for the number of newly registered cases within 24 hours.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled.
The Federal Council proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th. The test strategy is not a substitute for protection concepts, but serves as additional protection, according to the government. Participation is voluntary. The cantons should be able to exempt companies that test frequently from the quarantine requirement for contact persons. The Federal Council also wants to facilitate access to self-tests.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. The animal jumped zigzag across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement, it says on Facebook. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Then he returned home. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. Then he threw it away. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
The film "Binti" tells the story of a child who has no papers, but wants to become a YouTube star. "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. The documentary sheds light on The Villages, a Florida settlement set up especially for retirees, in which 150,000 people spend their final years isolated from the outside world with karaoke, golf and the like. And this regardless of the fact that the growing settlement has people in adjacent "We know we're in a bubble, but it's a nice bubble," says resident Tony.The artist Antonio Ligabue (Elio Germano) grew up with foster parents in Switzerland at the beginning of the 20th century After a difficult childhood he was expelled to Italy, where he lived as a young adult without a fixed abode.The only refuge he found in his art, drawing.When he is encouraged by a painter, Ligabue achieves what he never dreamed of: he will known for his works of art.
In the current episode "Fernweh" we talk with Ennie about her first trip to South Africa. She describes her first day in townships, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday. He was the greatest player in history. The Argentine government has ordered three days of national mourning. On Thursday, the Argentines should be able to say goodbye to Maradona in the Casa Rosada government palace.
In Switzerland, many public parties have been cancelled because of the rapid spread of the Corona virus. The federal government recommends avoiding celebrations with families and friends if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus.
The annual table for 2021 has been released. The club of Liechtenstein is second to last in this ranking. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtuza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old Afghan, was born in Kabul in 2016. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza's father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country.
The Tinder app has been able to hold video dates where the two people involved can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Swiss Football League is on the brink. The American footballers are not allowed to participate in games. The players are currently training in groups of 15 over two days. Head coach Dwayne Woods is now hoping for a special permit for league operations in the top football division.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested, Minister for Elections Mathias Pierre told the AP news agency on Thursday.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases: "We have located sources of infection at work, at private parties, among young people, but also among people returning from trips". The contact tracers found the routes of infection.
The Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee of the parcel service Fedex has been arrested in Indianapolis. The police have confirmed the identity of the shooter, who apparently shot himself after the attack.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together".
On Tuesday, the Federal Council estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The most important answers to the R value chaos are: According to Tanja Stadler, the vast majority of cantons have an R value higher than 0.8.
The Jungfrau Railways have opened a VIP lounge in Grindelwald Terminal. It is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. The airport has put up posters and notices to ensure that the Corona measures are observed. In addition, staff are on duty to point out the rules to passengers.
Ken's mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday night, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
Ethiopia's People's Liberation Front (TPLF) has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available. What is the conflict about? A brief overview. Abiy Ahmed took office as Prime Minister of Ethiopia in 2018. One year he was later awarded the Nobel Prize for his role in bringing about peace with Eritrea.But earlier this November, somewhat unnoticed, he sent his military into the rebellious Tigray region in the north of the country (the Tigray) attacked military installations of the Ethiopian army and stole weapons, crossing a red line Yes, tensions between the TPLF and Prime Minister Ahmed have existed since he took office in 2018.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 at 11 a.m. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team.
US President Joe Biden says he wants to run for re-election. The 78-year-old Democrat has so far left open whether he wants to run again after his defeat by Biden last November. To this day, Trump complains that he was deprived of his election victory through fraud. He has not presented any evidence of this. The Trump camp has failed with dozens of lawsuits in different state courts against the results of the election.
The pesticide initiative in Switzerland could lead to food poisoning. Some producers are worried if the pesticide initiative is accepted, reports the "SonntagsZeitung". The initiative bans disinfectants in production. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On the same day, there is a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon. Led by a Geo Guide Sardona, at 6.30 p.m. you will go on an easy hike to the moon observation site, where you can observe the counterpart to the day in Martinsloch.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a new drone detection system. The system is purely passive so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The new system relieves the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
On Monday, the Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. Now the German rap star is back. Almost all old posts are gone, only one was still on her account. The post is from June and lists their 2021 tour dates.
A woman left her cell phone on the car roof. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer is against using the National Bank. "There is no reason to claim additional funds from the National Bank. It has another task that is currently underestimated. It has to support the franc exchange rate. If it didn't do anything in this area, we would probably have parity with the euro, what would be a disaster for the export industry," he said. The National Bank should not be allowed to pay the state's debts.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench was partly in the shade of the trees and thus caused a lot of ridicule on social media. The city of Wil has not yet received any complaints.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was only 25 years old. His club CA Atenas de San Carlos confirmed that. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son's achievement as a bodywork plumber. However, the father's anticipation of the forthcoming graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser. It is also a sign of disregard for the successful offspring.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
The Portuguese António Horta-Osório, head of Lloyds Bank, will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse. He comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011. Horta-Osório is a top manager who, with over 30 years of experience, covers all important business areas of CS: The private customer business, because he comes from the British retail and commercial bank Lloyds, which he has headed since 2011. He is familiar with investment banking from his work at Goldman Sachs and has gained experience abroad, for example in South America for the Spanish bank Santander. Experts praise him for his digitization experience.
Donald Trump has said that Pfizer had waited until after the election to announce it had developed a coronavirus vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. According to the New York Post, Pfizer has denied an intentional delay. According to their own statements, Biontech and Pfizer have now applied to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for emergency authorization for their coronavirus vaccine.
GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. In all four cases, the thieves acted similarly. Suspicious people should be reported to the police. The fact that tractors have GPS devices at all is a relatively recent development. With a GPS device, such as the Starfire 6000 from the American manufacturer John Deere, sowing and harvesting paths can be programmed that the tractor can travel autonomously. Such GPS receivers are either permanently installed or can be additionally mounted on the tractor.
Danke für participating!
A woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
The Globegarden day care center on Steinbühlallee in Allschwil has been accused of multiple sexual acts with children. The 36-year-old has already started his sentence. He is accused of multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. On the day of his arrest, he took advantage of the fact that he was alone with a dozen children in the daycare dormitory at noon. There he is said to have grabbed the penis of a 4-year-old boy and orally stimulated his genitals.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. Raised in Zurich, the 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water.
In Toggenburg, a family built a floating bed. The bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother in September. Now she's back with a new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. The good news: Gigi doesn't reveal much in the new photos either. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs. All the more so from the Christmas decorations at Hadid-Malik.
The Queen's London estate is looking for a gardener. The job also includes a service apartment. High demands, but not surprising for a boss who likes to get involved in the countryside herself. It is not clear whether the job also includes a service apartment. The salary is also noted, although in the past for a comparable position you usually received an initial salary of between 25,000 and 32,000 francs per year.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
M.*, a service technician, is caught by the police. He has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He has to pay 1,300 francs to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. The procedure lasted 2.5 years and cost M. more than 6,500 francs. Politically, the initiative seems undisputed: the Commission recommended it for acceptance without a dissenting vote, and the National Council and the Council of States also approved it. Caroni says he had previously clarified this with the Federal Roads Office.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final?
Australia is a hotspot for the US film industry. The Australian government pumped the equivalent of over 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. "Filming our show safely in a beautiful country like Australia is a dream come true," the couple said in a statement. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms in Thailand that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. In addition to Denner, Coop and various Swiss online shops also sell the brand. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday morning, news scout Toni Kurz drives to work and parks his Audi Q5 in the parking lot. He was shocked when he saw the lights went on for the Oberlander - and his mind darkened. The 27-year-old immediately alerted Kapo Bern: "I've only had the Audi Q5 for two years. The new value of the car was around CHF 100,000."
Mike was a parasite. He stole from her and stole from her. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about a group of people who are passionate about the future. The film was inspired by the book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. It has become about two hours - two hours in which it is shown how things are with our planet. The documentary illuminates how sustainable, positive change works can and looks to the future: What will future societies think about us? The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016.
A new tool has been available for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send. Now it turns out that 1178 ads were generated in the first month, reported the online portal Zentralplus.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing five million francs for financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
More and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters. The study was published in the journal Science on Thursday.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend.
After the eviction of an occupation in Bern, the Bern police officers were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern police director is anything but happy about the outcome of the process.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"Three x Three" is the first episode of the "Morning Show" series. In the episode, the hosts of "Three x Three" and "Morning Show" talk about their rookie mistakes. The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
Polish workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
On the island of Mauritius, a freighter that ran out of oil has been stranded since September. The government has failed to react. The locals took the initiative. They used hair and textiles as a makeshift and sugar cane as a tool and barricade: This cleans the water and prevents the oil from spreading further. In the meantime, you can see it Valeria Ivic says: "It looks better every day," says a colleague who lives nearby. The local people are dependent on tourism, so the atmosphere is very tense. Because in addition to the oil debacle, "Mauritius" borders are still closed, you only find out about an opening a few days in advance, says the Swiss.
The Federal Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says spokesman Daniele Pallecchi.
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured. "She was taken to the hospital by the ambulance service 144. The injuries are likely to be of a lighter nature," said the police.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently promoted her book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. The 48-year-old actress recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. She is now doing Will Cole's fast diet.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law.
The higher court in Aargau ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in Switzerland, says Marianne Aeberhard, project manager at the association "humanrights.ch - Human Rights Switzerland". "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool".
Just seconds after the start of the race, Grosjean Haas crashed into the crash barrier with his Haas Haas. The car was torn in two. On impact, the rear had separated from the rest of the car. As a result, the tank's inspection hatch came loose, and the fuel lines ripped off the safety bladder.
The Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They then came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a ice hockey goalie. He fends off pucks with the Degen bell, the hand guard. He says he trains like this every day. He's preparing for the Tokyo Olympics.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In some cases, the reception of the mobile phones in the shops of major retailers is poor. This is due to poor signal quality in the buildings, which are usually better insulated, which also affects reception. In other cases, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday, Nintendo announced a new Switch console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports. The new Switch is set to launch in October.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her retirement on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking Swiss has won four WTA titles in doubles with various partners. She also reached the semifinals twice at the French Open in 2015 and 2017. Above all, the legendary game against Serena Williams remains unforgotten, when the Swiss won the first set and had her first entry into a Grand Slam final in mind, but then could no longer hold back against an extremely theatrical Williams and ended up with ten Games lost in a row.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day. Reader NS* (27): "I contracted genital herpes during unprotected anal sex with my new partner. He didn't know beforehand that he was infected because he had no symptoms himself. Suddenly I had painful blisters and small open wounds in my genitals - and anal area - it was bad. The first outbreak is usually the most extreme and lasted almost a whole month for me. Once you have contracted the infection, you never completely get rid of the infection. You can measure the extent of the outbreaks with help to some extent under control of drugs, but unfortunately cannot completely prevent them".
Björn Kuipers will officiate the final of the European Championship this Sunday. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
I met a woman online and we hit it off really well! So good that we arranged a meeting after just a few days. We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter. The Kapo Bern confirms that personnel law procedures have been initiated in two cases. But not everyone is convinced that Kapo Bern does not have a racism problem. This is also shown by a demand at the political level.