Timon and I are getting married in our hometown. My sister is getting married in our hometown. I'll spend the night there with other wedding guests and stay in my uncle's empty apartment. When I arrive at the festival after a two-hour train ride, I immediately regret not showing up without Timon. There are only couples at this festival. Shit! I realize how uncomfortable I am - on the most important day of my sister's life.
GC is aware that it will be difficult to find out about her biological father. "Of course there is the possibility to do a DNA test, but I'm not sure if that's the right way". Nowadays you can send in your DNA for just a few hundred francs. Put a saliva sample on a cotton swab, send it all in - and shortly thereafter you will learn something about its origin. Depending on the provider, the DNA sent in is compared with up to 700,000 data records worldwide. If a match is found, for example because a relative has also sent in their DNA, you will receive a notification. There are cases of donor children who found several half-siblings in this way.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit has a subscription to the fitness studio. However, the shutdown time is not credited to Clever Fit customers on the current subscription, but only when they buy a new one or extend the existing one. Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action".
Kanye West (43) and Irina Shayk (35) are rumored to have dined together. According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting at a restaurant near their home. While the rumors aren't officially confirmed yet, they may well have something in common: it wouldn't be the first time the rapper and the model have been involved. Together, Kim Kardashian and Kanye have four children: North (7), Saint (5), Chicago (3) and Psalm (2).
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. "I will never agree with anyone who disrespects the flag of the United States of America or our country," Brees replied. His grandfathers both served in the war and defended the flag, he explained.
The canton of Lucerne updated its number of corona cases on Monday and declared the highest warning level red. This was last the case on December 20th, since then the warning level has been orange until Sunday. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated.
The German private broadcaster RTL reported last Sunday from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The recordings, which ended up on YouTube and Twitter, show Ohlen smearing mud on his arms and face. The TV audience was then told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site. Ohlen called on her followers in an Instagram story to also help with the clean-up work.
JBS from Brazil has become the target of an organized cyber attack. The attack hit IT system servers in North America and Australia. It will be some time before the problems are resolved.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. Against the overpowering Ajax Amsterdam, it sets off two bankruptcies for the Bernese. The consequences for the coming season are even more severe. Because only the best 15 nations will receive starting and qualifying places for the Europa League, this competition will be held without Swiss clubs in the near future.
Davide Callà is quite right with the term cup classic when he talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two teams have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions. Most recently, the two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win. That should change on Tuesday evening (here live from 8:15 p.m.). FCW captain and former FCB player Davide Callà is hoping for the first win against Basel.
The suspected gunman at three massage parlors in the greater Atlanta area may have been planning further attacks. The 21-year-old was driving toward Florida after the fatal shooting of seven women and one man, Cherokee Counts sheriff's spokesman Jay Baker said on Wednesday. There he was probably aiming for "some kind of porn industry". There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian-American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
The so-called Silver Sparrow is causing a stir in security circles. The IT experts discovered the new type of malware on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries. Hotspots are the USA, Great Britain, Canada, France and Germany. Both Intel Macs and computers with the new M1 processor, which Apple presented last autumn, are affected The security researchers are still trying to understand what the malware can do.
A 21-year-old man was caught on Friday in a Zugerland Verkehrsbetriebe (ZVB) bus in the city of Zug. He then attacked the inspectors and was eventually arrested by the police. The man was on bus line 13 at 4:45 p.m. when he was checked, the Zug police said on Saturday.
The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday on a curfew for restaurants, bars and clubs. Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. The company donates part to the SOS Children's Village.
In the past few days, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima (59) recently spoke up on Facebook. The comedian criticized the measures taken by BR. He was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family drove their minibus off the A7 motorway in Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. Five children died in the accident. The four other passengers were rescued from the burning car and taken to hospital with serious injuries. An investigation into the incident has been launched.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. The scientists used sensors to study the sleep patterns of the participants, their behavior and the interactions between them.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France in Nice. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Ryan Garcia, America's lightweight boxing hope, celebrates his 21st win in 21 pro fights by a seventh-round technical knockout against Britain's Luke Campbell. In advance, Kate Abdo had interviewed Papa Henry Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Ryan Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer.
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Anchorage, Fairbanks, Juneau and Ketchikan airports are scheduled to be vaccinated from June 1st. At the end of April there will be a test phase for traveling residents.
In Switzerland circumcision of boys has been officially banned since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys. "People turn a blind eye to violence against men - wrongly so. This is ignored and taboo," says Christoph Geissbühler, Managing Director of Pro Children's Rights Switzerland. For Geissbühler it is clear: "Amputating a child's genital body part without medical urgency is a criminal offence". That's why Geissbühler sued a Swiss doctor who routinely performs circumcisions.
Zweifel chips are celebrating the European Championship. The flavors are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer.
A father and his wife were sentenced to a fine of 3,000 francs after they took their nine-year-old daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic. Now the verdict is here. As the "Freiburger Nachrichten" (paid article) reports, the police judge lowered the fine to 2,000 francs. In addition, the couple now has to pay court costs of CHF 1,120.
The most accurate Swiss footballers are Cephas Malele and Haris Seferovic. The striker has scored 18 goals this season and is the second most accurate Swiss footballer this year. However, if the former U-19 international continues to score so regularly, the striker could soon become an issue for Vladimir Petkovic in view of the weakening competition.
The Coop Bathroom Trophy has been locked. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop. Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store now have to make the detour via the online shop.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. Both books tell about the everyday life of a child, one with two mothers and one with two fathers, writes "ABC News". The case came to light in the midst of a fierce debate about Hungary's new gay rights law.
"Domina" is the first episode of a new Swiss drama series. It's the first of a series to air in the country. The series will be aired on June 3rd.
The Austrian National Council debated on Thursday about mass corona tests. The MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ tried to prove that simple cola produces a positive result in the rapid corona tests and that the entire mass corona tests are therefore worthless. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. She calls for a six-month prison sentence for the 38-year-old. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick".
The federal government is not aiming for a targeted vaccination rate. The BAG wants to prevent this situation by simply not introducing the targeted vaccination quotas. FDP National Councilor Christian Wasserfallen is less convinced of the vaccination rate. The vaccination rate seems too arbitrary to him and has too little leeway. "I see the way back to normality much more with the Covid certificate. As soon as everyone who wants to be vaccinated has been vaccinated, the measures have to be dropped".
Swiss Covid is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from the IT security company Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another area in Raron VS is being evacuated. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
Kanye West visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. He and Bardill played a board game together. "The game is a collapsible travel version of 'Kalaha'," says Bardill. The US presidential candidate is a true artist.
A mentally ill man has been sentenced for a fire in an underground car park in Bern's Murifeld. The man has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer. The accused said he felt comfortable there and took his medication every day. The verdict comes on Friday.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday. The allegation is the most serious against Cuomo, who had the allegation rejected by his press representative: "I've never done anything like that". Nevertheless, calls for his resignation became louder.
Ermedin Demirovic (22) plays in the Bundesliga at SC Freiburg. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen has scored three goals so far and set up seven assists. The 22-year-old striker says: "Everything is wonderful at the moment. It's going in the right direction". Things didn't look so good this fall. Demirovic often sat on the bench. But he fought, worked hard and gave it his all in training. The 22-year-old prefers to talk about Freiburg and his achievements. He has scored three goals so far and set up seven. However, Demirovic does not want to worry about how many goals he still wants to score this season or how many assists he still wants to give. "I don't have a goal. I don't want to put myself under that much pressure," says the Freiburg striker.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s.
On Monday, the "Feminist Strike Collective" called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great.
The low "Gudrun" has already passed over western Switzerland, in the afternoon it's eastern Switzerland's turn. There are heavy downpours and thunderstorms, as Meteonews writes.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
From November 1st to 3rd, 2020, more than four hundred free presentations, discussions and workshops on the topic will take place. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old woman drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. As a result of the collision, the car lost a wheel, spun 180 degrees and stalled in the opposite direction.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant has received death threats over the phone. This was just five minutes after he offered a coffee to vaccinated guests in a post. The stranger explicitly referred to his Facebook postings. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel.
Youtuber Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser put down. The reason for this is that the couple had their dog for nine years, "almost a decade, he was such an energetic animal," says her husband in the 24-minute YouTube video. This video is one of the reasons for the anger and rejection of her followers. There is also a farewell photo with the dog that Nikki Phillippi uploaded to Instagram shortly after the appointment at the vet to say goodbye.
A man in Sri Lanka has found a huge pile of sapphires in his garden. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
At 10:45 p.m., three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said.
In Konstanz (D), a group of thieves stole packages from a delivery company. The police started an investigation and came across a gang of parcel thieves. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week. Customers have contacted DHL and the connections to the stolen packages are now being examined.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG. According to the BAG, the more users use the app, the higher "the effectiveness and the probability that relevant contacts can be identified and reported". But the BAG is apparently anything but happy about the success of the app.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
The Balearic Islands, Albania, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light.
The storm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores. On request, Jumbo reports that dehumidifiers are currently selling 214 percent better than in the same period last year. For many Galaxus customers, too, the flood was probably already in the basement.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). The 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year. The reason for this is the ongoing corona pandemic.
Team games are banned, a mask must be worn at all times and going out has become rarer: strict measures have been in place inside the military barracks for months. In order to curb the spread of the corona virus, the military is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer season.
The luxury playhouses for children are a real trend in the UK. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars. The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). There they want to go against the Covid law and the federal law on police Demonstrate counter-terrorism (PMT) measures. The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick". For the time being there will be collection points in 64 branches. The bags are subject to a charge and can be obtained at the cash desk and at the information desk.
A 19-year-old from St. Gallen was involved in a horrific accident. He drove to Rosenbergstrasse in the Mercedes and drove away. The car was found after the accident in an underpass at the train station. The animal was disturbed and frightened. Investigations into speed and violation of traffic rules are still ongoing. Once these are completed, the case goes to the prosecutor's office. The road traffic office is also informed. As a result, the teenager will probably not receive a driver's license in the near future. In addition, the accident resulted in damage of around one hundred thousand francs.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 from Dübendorf crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the final report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on Tiktok has reached almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok. The director of the Grüsch-Danusa ski area, where the video was filmed, condemns the act in the strongest possible terms and do not regard it as a rascal prank.
Jeff Bridges has been diagnosed with cancer. On his website he writes that his tumor is regressing. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be well observed there.
On Monday, the organizers of the popular Openair St. Gallen published a clearly political message on social media channels. In the posts, the OASG organizers are clearly in favor of a "yes" in the vote on Sunday's Covid 19 law. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. "Every vote counts. For the entire event industry. For the support of culture and sport," it continues.
On July 25 a freighter crashed off the coast of Mauritius. There were 20 people on board. The freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking. The Mauritian Ministry of the Environment confirms this in a press release published by the ministry on Thursday.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta. The influencer raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
Two thirds of adults aged 16 and over in Switzerland have been vaccinated at least once. In recent weeks, however, the vaccination campaign has lost momentum, and the number of daily doses has now fallen to the April level. Employers, politicians and health professionals want to use the Covid certificate more widely.
A Sri Lankan woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism.
A 5G antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is already the third case that has been set on fire within days. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says police spokesman Christoph Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place in Frauenfeld. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau. He also said: "There was no reason to alert the rescue services, since emergency services were always on site". The road rescue course was led by Ursin Camenisch, the commander of the Frauenfeld fire brigade.
The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG complains that his house rattles at 5 a.m. He wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that the joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
In Basel-Stadt, a woman and a boy are begging on the Middle Bridge. The police responded with identity checks. The Kesb on-call service is informed by telephone, which decides on the child's welfare. "We then also check that the parents show up there with the children," says the Kesb.
Kendall Jenner's dressing room is a work by the US artist James Turrell (77). "He does these pieces so people can meditate in front of them," says Kendall Jenner, 24. Traveling to other dimensions would be so much nicer, pfff. "Even in summer," says the model. Sure, the smell and the crackling are cozy, but firing up in Los Angeles when it's over 30 degrees? Only a Kardashian-Jenner can be that extra.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of corona-virus-related brain damage after Covid-19. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. According to the researchers, it is striking that the findings do not correlate with the severity of the disease that has been experienced.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
In the run-up to the US presidential election, social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook placed great value on containing misinformation as much as possible and labeling posts with questionable information or unfounded statements (20 minutes reported). In addition, groups of conspiracy theorists or right-wing extremists have repeatedly been blocked in recent months.
Rapper Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. Because she is so obsessed with the British cartoon character, Cardi's daughter Kulture (2) wants to jump into every puddle of rain like her big role model. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
It is not yet possible to estimate the long-term consequences of an infection with the novel corona virus. We simply haven't known the virus long enough for that. Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. For the study, Puntmann and her colleagues evaluated the magnetic resonance images of the hearts of a total of 100 patients who had already recovered from infection with Sars-CoV-2 - either at home (2⁄3) or in the hospital (1⁄3). The recordings were made about two months after an acute corona infection.
The Bernard family has run a funeral home in Memphis since 2017. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. When producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. The series will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back". Together, the two find out that they are stuck in an endless loop and have an infinite amount of time at their disposal. Through small things that they discover in their environment, they want to make their days together as perfect as possible.
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See".
Nina Christen won the bronze medal in the three-position final. The 27-year-old from Nidwalden is on course for a medal. The Olympic champion will return to Switzerland on Monday.
More than a million cases have been registered in France since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. The curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of the Swiss did not go on vacation in 2020: the Corona crisis is to blame. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27. Because of Corona, she was unable to go on three trips: "Peru last April, Madagascar in August and at the moment we would be through on our early honeymoon South America". You can find out which other holidays 20-Minute readers had to cancel and what that means for them in the picture gallery above. Fearing losing her job, reader Anna D'Aiuto, 25, canceled the planned trip to Costa Rica with her boyfriend: "We are sad, disappointed and angry".
The Federal Council wants to accompany this with a greatly expanded test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples.
A chicken got lost in Wil in the early morning. Out of sheer excitement, it then laid an egg on the spot. The police officers who had arrived took care of the poor animal and its egg and brought them to the police base. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the teacher couple from Bolzano, Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Then he returned home. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
"Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the dubbed version. Billie Holiday's path to becoming a jazz icon was a difficult one. She grew up in precarious circumstances, experienced sexual violence from various men and became addicted to drugs.
In the current episode "Fernweh" we chat with Ennie, a South African traveler who's dreamed of moving to South Africa. She shares her trip to South Africa, how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday. Thousands of people gathered in the capital Buenos Aires at the La Bombonera stadium of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to commemorate their idol. "Today is a very sad day for all Argentines," said President Alberto Fernández on TV channel TyC Sports.
Halloween parties are being cancelled in Switzerland because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. The Federal Council recommends avoiding such parties if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus.
The annual table for the 2021 season has been released. As in the "normal" season table, champion YB is right at the front - and also with a clear lead. Seven wins and three draws add up to a whopping 24 points from 10 games. They are followed by FC Luzern with 15 points from nine games.
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed. The demonstration broke up around 8 p.m. on St. Peter’s Square in front of the university.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen below 300 for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
In 2016 a photo of the nine-year-old Afghan Murtaza Ahmadi went viral. It showed him wearing a jersey worn by his idol, Lionel Messi. However, his family didn't have the money for a real jersey. The Argentine got wind of the story though, allowing Murtaza to meet his idol in Doha a few months later. Although it was a huge experience for the boy, his family could not benefit from the meeting - on the contrary.
On Valentine's Day, Tinder has been able to hold video dates where the two people can see each other face to face. As with conventional dates, however, the risk of embarrassing breaks and uncomfortable moments of silence cannot be ruled out. To prevent this from happening, Tinder teamed up with couples and relationship expert Matt Davies to put together 21 questions that can help Tinder users get to know their matches better or even fall in love.
The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations. The American footballers in Switzerland are currently training in groups of 15 over two days.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. That's what Rudolf Hauri from Zug, president of the association of canton doctors, told the "Tages-Anzeiger". In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases: "We have located sources of infection at work, at private parties, among young people, but also among people returning from trips". The contact tracers found the routes of infection.
In 2020, the Blaue Kreuz Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg anonymously surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
In Indianapolis, Indiana, a 19-year-old ex-employee shot himself in the stomach. The gunman was known to the police. Eight people were killed and seven others injured in the gun attack with a rifle. The United States has already been rocked by a series of gun attacks that have killed many people this year. President Joe Biden spoke of another "tragedy" and ordered the US flags to be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, US embassies and military bases.
20 minutes Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights.
The estimate of the R value for December 4th caused a great deal of confusion on Tuesday. ETH estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The experts are convinced that the current R value does not reflect the real infection process and that the actual current number of reproductions is higher.
The Jungfrau Railways opened their VIP lounge in Grindelwald. It's the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour. The main reason for this is the verification of the documents that are required to enter certain countries because of the corona virus.
Ken's mother and sister were heroin addicts, and his mother also dealt at home. When Ken was 18, his mother was stabbed to death by a junkie. He found her dead in the apartment. The authorities classified him as a social case.
"Dear Grosi, now I'm here in Brazil, halfway around the world. I've arrived safely, here in spring". This is how a letter that 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found on Friday evening in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern begins. It is dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. A letter that is more than 31 years old - probably a document with emotional value? 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner.
According to market researchers at IDC, the global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
In Ethiopia, the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, has now announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked.
The Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne on Sunday, September 19 at 11:59 p.m. It will be the eighth Red Bull Flugtag in Switzerland - the last one was in Zurich in 2016. Well, an unforgettable experience with friends and probably a sunburn. If that's not enough for you, then the following prizes also await: We just like it when people go swimming, okay? In addition, 20 Minuten is a media partner, has a fixed starting place and is therefore putting together its own team. You can also apply without our blessing and a fixed starting place, but remember: that would hurt our feelings.
US President Joe Biden has said he will run for re-election in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago.
The pesticide initiative could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch directly onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm. After the spectacle, there will be a public tour of the slate museum in Elm.
The St. Gallen-Altenrhein Airport has installed a drone detection system. The system is purely passive, so that regular air traffic is not disturbed by additional radio signals. The system relieves the air traffic controller of a lot of work.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. But there was new information in her Instagram story. On Monday evening, she announced her second album via the Insta profile of Spotify hip-hop playlist Modus Mio, already revealing the album's cover art, titled "Medusa". The rapper then became quieter on social media.
A woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. He suffered undetermined injuries. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer is against using the National Bank. "There is no reason to claim additional funds from the National Bank. It has another task that is currently underestimated. It has to support the franc exchange rate. If it didn't do anything in this area, we would probably have parity with the euro, what would be a disaster for the export industry," he said. The National Bank should not be allowed to pay the state's debts.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher. "The location was too weak for the bank to use," says Cristina Roduner, communications specialist for the city of Wil.
Franco Acosta is dead. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday. In Uruguay, Franco Acosta has long been considered one of the greatest hopes for a striker. He played in his home country's national youth teams and was even top scorer at the 2013 U17 South American Championship.
Reto Moser* is proud of his son: the 19-year-old successfully completed his apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback: As can be seen from the letter of invitation from the Carosserie Suisse professional association, parents and accompanying persons are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). "I've simply never read or heard that parents have to pay anything to be able to attend their children's graduation ceremony - that's strange to me," says Moser.
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. He hasn't given an interview for a long time that wasn't for PR purposes - in which it hadn't been agreed beforehand what was allowed to be asked. And his coach Severin Lüthi is not commenting at the moment either. All of this points to the fact that it doesn't look 100 percent wonderful. And his appearance at the SRF Sport Awards also speaks for this thesis.
There has long been speculation as to who will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. Ex-National Bank President Philipp Hildebrand is said to have been shortlisted. But nobody expected the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. On Tuesday, the big bank announced that it intends to propose 56-year-old Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, to its shareholders at the general meeting at the end of April as chairman of the board. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho.
The president believes that Pfizer had waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. The thieves acted similarly.
Thank you for participating!
On a Friday afternoon in September 2020, a woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
A 36-year-old accused of multiple sexual acts with children was arrested on December 6, 2019. He was observed by a work colleague who immediately alerted the police. Since then, the accused has been in prison and has already started his early sentence. If found guilty, the 36-year-old faces up to ten years in prison.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. The 51-year-old lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. Ms. Martullo-Blocher didn't dance a waltz: "When I was a high school student, I did acrobatics rock'n'roll, you wouldn't think I could do that anymore," she says, laughing. She still likes to dance on occasions, preferably with her husband: "I'm quite sensitive, for example, if someone doesn't hit the beat or can't lead. Of course, I'm not that easy to lead either and I don't feel like dancing the same figures over and over again." At a Kazakh wedding, her husband and she even won first prize for the best dancing couple.
In Toggenburg, Thurgau, a floating bed is available. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
Gigi Hadid is back with a new Insta image feed. In a total of six photos, she shows us her kitschy X-Mas interior in detail. With her and One Direction star Zayn Malik (27) there is no doubt that Christmas fever is rampant, and that a month before the deadline. The reason for this lies in Gigi's stretcher. Anyway, Gigi and Zayn - apart from the Christmas decorations - consistently cover up with private things. It was only in the fifth month of pregnancy that she even came out with the baby news and confirmed the persistent rumors.
Queen Elizabeth is now looking for a gardener. In the job posting on the royal website, the royals state that the person "must keep the gardens to the highest standard". The requirements for the job also include leading a small team, working with garden designers, knowledge of horticulture and excellent plant science. Evidence of this and a driver's license are conditions for employment.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
Reto M.*, as a service engineer, drives a car every day. Although M. never drove stoned, the office orders a precautionary withdrawal of ID. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final series between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere.
Australian filmmakers are relocating to Australia. The Australian government pumped the equivalent of 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia. However, some Hollywood stars not only travel to Down Under for filming, they even emigrate. Australian-born Isla Fisher (45) and Nicole Kidman (53), for example, returned to their homeland with their families for a long time after several years in the States during the pandemic. And the American Zac Efron (33) also made Australia his new home at the end of last year.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. In addition to Denner, Coop and various Swiss online shops also sell the brand. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday, news scout Toni Kurz drove to work and found his Audi Q5. He felt like he was in the wrong movie. The 27-year-old immediately alerted Kapo Bern: "I've only had the Audi Q5 for two years. The new value of the car was around CHF 100,000." The cantonal police in Bern confirmed 20 minutes later that a car was reported stolen in the village of some and this a few hours later was found in Zäziwil."The details are currently the subject of investigations".
Mike stole from me. Mike was a parasite, he stole from me. He was never violent, but he stole from me. Mike was a parasite, he stole from me, he stole my cash and credit cards, and took off. Four days later, the police found him in Paris. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and deported to Germany. Almost two decades have passed since that fact. But the night shapes me to this day. Apart from the fact that I still have consequential damage - my intestines were massively injured at the time - I find it very difficult to trust men. Mike was sentenced to eleven years in prison and that he lived in it with me. In hindsight, it feels like an attempted elimination assassination.
"Who we were" is a documentary about how things are with our planet. A film as a research trip, that's what drove Bauder: "We have information that didn't exist years ago. So how can I network this information and get people out of their passivity?" Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst.
In Switzerland, every second woman is sent an unsolicited penis picture. An online tool has been available on this website for a month now that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
In the canton of St. Gallen, five million francs of financial support is being offered to people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
In Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. The researchers found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were birds in 44 quarters. The study was published in the journal Science on Thursday.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain. Now there is growing concern among UK politicians and business groups that it will be a long time before workers are ready to return to the office.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two fatal bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder cancelled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend.
The 16 Bernese who had to answer in court after the eviction of an occupation got off with a black eye: all the accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company. Anyone wishing to be vaccinated must be at least 18 years old.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
"It was at the very beginning," recalls the "Morning Show" host. In one of her first interviews, she forgot to turn on the microphone. "The feeling of being empty-handed is so uncomfortable - it happens to you once and never again." When Andrea came back from an interview one day, she left her dictaphone unattended in the radio studio for a moment. When she wanted to listen to the recording, it was gone.
The Polish workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. According to the newspaper, workers are being asked to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The government has failed completely. Measures should have been taken much earlier, says Valeria Ivic (22). The Swiss emigrated to Mauritius almost two years ago. She, other residents of the island and several environmental organizations have sharply criticized the Mauritius authorities. Because: the state did not react for the first twelve days after the ship ran aground.
The Swiss Railways expect a large rush on the routes to Ticino and Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. The SBB explains that it will not advertise the extra trains, but will draw attention to the protection concepts. If you don't want to gamble on whether you can still get a seat on the extra train at Easter, the SBB advises: "Seat reservations are possible".
The Lucerne police operations control center has received around 300 reports of thunderstorms so far. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed.
On Tuesday, Gwyneth Paltrow promoted alternative medicine doctor Will Cole's book "Intuitive Fasting" on Insta. The 48-year-old actress recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. "It left me with persistent fatigue and brain fog." The latter, in German brain fog, refers to a phenomenon in which those affected have symptoms such as concentration problems and memory disorders. She is now doing Will Cole's fast diet. For example, she avoids sugar and alcohol and mainly consumes butyrates, fish oil, zinc and selenium as well as vitamins B and D3.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law, which the EU is constantly adapting. Previously, changes had to be renegotiated each time.
The higher court in the canton of Aargau ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office. Last June, P. in Switzerland applied to his hometown in the canton of Aargau for the change of first name and deletion of the gender entry.
Grosjean's Haas crashed into the crash barrier at 192 km/h and at an angle of 29 degrees. The car was torn in two. The 34-year-old survived.
On July 16, a van was checked by employees of the Federal Customs Administration (FCA). It came across razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is in an ice hockey goalie in Switzerland. He fends off pucks with his sword and the Degen bell, the hand guard. He says that he always has to be highly concentrated. The video is not a show, he benefits from this training: "There is a goal behind it: the moment the shot is fired, you flinch a bit. I can compare that to when a 2 meter man attacks me in fencing. At the moment that the acceleration occurs, the goal is for me to stay calm and relax".
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank. For "Cherry," Holland worked with brothers Joe and Anthony Russo - the directors who cast him as Spiderman.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. Where there was initially only a Basel police car, another service vehicle with Zurich license plates arrived in the afternoon.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The new Netflix series "Money Heist" will be available on March 19th on Amazon Prime. The series tells the story of three women who are victims of human trafficking. "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th. "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. Country singer Bailey's (Katharine McPhee) career just won't take off - and then she gets kicked out of her band. After a car breakdown, she meets Beau (Eddie Cibrian) and takes a job nannying his five children. It turns out to be a stroke of luck: the musical family helps Bailey rediscover her love for music. "Country Comfort" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
Many stores of major retailers have poor network reception. The problem is that you can't make phone calls without registering your phone. In some cases, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or in Migros in Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers. In general, the strength of the network decreased significantly in most cases in the stores of the major distributors. According to Swisscom spokesman Armin Schaedeli, this drop in network quality is often due to the respective architecture of the building and is then no longer sufficient “for a satisfactory mobile phone experience”. Modern buildings in particular are usually better insulated, which also affects reception.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. The route had to be closed to traffic.
On Tuesday Nintendo announced a new Switch. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles.
Timea Bacsinszky has announced her retirement from the world of tennis. The 32-year-old French-speaking tennis star has already retired from the game.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people always use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day. Reader NS* (27): "I contracted genital herpes during unprotected anal sex with my new partner. He didn't know beforehand that he was infected because he had no symptoms himself. Suddenly I had painful blisters and small open wounds in my genitals - and anal area - it was bad. The first outbreak is usually the most extreme and lasted almost a whole month for me. Once you have contracted the infection, you never completely get rid of the infection. You can measure the extent of the outbreaks with help to some extent under control of drugs, but unfortunately cannot completely prevent them".
Björn Kuipers will referee the European Championship this Sunday. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final. He is supported by the German video referee Bastian Dankert.
We met on a beautiful summer's day on the Rhine and spent two very pleasant hours there. Then I showed her the city. And while walking through the streets of Basel for hours, I suddenly felt a slight pressure on my bladder. I told my date that I should slowly go back to go to the toilet at my house. Easy peasy.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter.