I've been dating Timon for a while now. Almost half a year. Timon is actually exactly what I think of as "boyfriend material". Half a head taller than me, caring, emotionally stable, kindhearted. It was right between us from the start. Same age, same interests, similar friends. And yet I'm missing something to fully engage with Timon. Didn't he make me wriggle enough? Is my interest reduced because I realize how crushed he is on me? Or am I confusing infatuation with unfulfilled longing? I don't know it. But when Timon comes out of the water while bathing in the lake and exhales "pfffst" through his mouth and drools a little on me, I get choked up. Or that sound when he sucks air through his teeth while drinking wine to "aerate" the wine in his cheek pouches.
"I can still remember very well the moment when my parents explained to me that my father was not my father," says GC. "I was eight or nine years old at the time. With the help of a book, they showed me how a child arises and why they were dependent on a donor". For a long time, GC didn't really care that her social father was not genetically related to her.
In thousands of Swiss private households, household helpers take care of the laundry, look after the children and ensure cleanliness. On average, they get around 30 francs per hour gross wage for their work. However, most of them receive 28 francs. After deducting the contributions for the obligatory accident insurance and social insurance, the household help still has an average of 25 francs per hour, as reported by the company Quitt.ch, which specializes in payroll accounting for household help.
Clever-Fit's new regulation has been shared on social media and received a lot of criticism for it. One customer says the regulation borders on fraud and points out: "Sometimes being a bit more accommodating helps more financially in the long run". Clever-Fit's managing director Thomas Ramsauer says to 20 Minuten that they believe they have "found a balance between goodwill towards customers and economically conscientious action". The regulation contradicts the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Kanye West (43) has just been photographed at home with DJ Khaled (45) with his wedding ring, and there are already new rumors about his love life. After his divorce from reality star Kim Kardashian (40), he now seems to have found happiness with model Irina Shayk (35). According to the Insta account @deuxmoi, the two are meeting at a restaurant.
Albert Spirig was known in the St. Gallen Rhine Valley for his skills as a wood carver. He had a small workshop in Diepoldsau and also repaired wooden figures there. He passed away unexpectedly at the end of September.
New Orleans Saints NFL quarterback Drew Brees has sparked outrage amid the heated mood in the United States. In an interview, the 41-year-old playmaker was asked what he would think if professionals protested against police violence again next season. Just like the now retired Colin Kaepernick did in 2016 when he got on one knee during the national anthem.
On Monday, January 4th, the number of corona cases in the canton of Lucerne increased. As of January 3, 2021, 146 new cases have been confirmed and 3 new deaths reported. The most recent R value remains below the value of 1, at 0.89. However, this does not yet take into account the course of the holidays, which will only become clear in the coming days and weeks, reported central plus.
The mini-series "A Teacher" has been running on Disney Plus in this country since the weekend. It follows Claire (Kate Mara), a married woman in her mid-thirties, who begins a relationship with her underage student Eric (Nick Robinson). The ten short episodes (maximum 29 minutes each) show how Claire slowly subdues Eric until he thinks the forbidden relationship is love. In the US, a warning was displayed before each episode because it could traumatize victims of sexual abuse and grooming (adults deliberately contacting minors with the intent to abuse them). The series is indeed uncomfortable to watch, but worth it.
The New York Times said the Indian Ocean country is struggling as the number of infections rises, with the Our World in Data website showing a 7-day incidence of over 250. The situation is so serious that the government recently imposed a lockdown again imposed. According to the national health authority, 37 percent of new infections can be traced back to people who are already fully vaccinated. More than half of the residents have received the Chinese vaccine Sinopharm.
A German TV reporter reported from the flood area in Germany. Before she appeared live in front of the camera, she was filmed. The TV audience was told in the report that Ohlen was involved in the clean-up work on site.
A hacker attack on the world's largest meat company JBS from Brazil has paralyzed large parts of production in North America and Australia. According to the US government, the hackers demanded a ransom. JBS informed the White House that the request came from a criminal organization - presumably from Russia.
With YB, the last Swiss club says goodbye to the European stage. In the qualification for the Champions League, the Bernese have to get to work in the first round - against teams from Gibraltar or Malta. Four rounds must now be survived in order to make the leap into the group phase of the premier class.
Davide Callà is quite right with the term cup classic when he talks about the match between FC Basel and FC Winterthur. The two opponents have met four times since 2012 in the Swiss Cup, four times the favorite from Basel prevailed. In the semi-finals of 2011/12 and 2016/17, however, Winterthur demanded everything from the upper class and was eliminated after questionable refereeing decisions. The two teams competed against each other in the round of 16 on October 31, 2018. Two years ago, red-blue prevailed, at that time less spectacularly with a 1-0 win.
A 21-year-old man was arrested in Atlanta after the shooting of seven women and one man. The suspect was a sex addict and did not shoot for racial reasons. There are indications that he did not act out of racist motives. Members of the Asian-American community saw the acts as an attack on them.
The so-called Silver Sparrow malware is causing a stir in security circles. The IT experts discovered the new type of malware on Apple devices all over the world. Overall, the malware appears on 30,000 Macs in a total of 153 countries.
A 21-year-old man was caught in a bus in the city of Zug. He wanted to evade control and attacked two inspectors. He verbally abused, threatened and spat on her before the police could arrest him. The two inspectors were unharmed.
The Federal Council will decide on Wednesday whether to grant a curfew for restaurants, bars and clubs. Crowdfunding is supposed to save Swiss gastronomy: those who donate will receive a dining pass. Various restaurants invite you to a main course. The money goes to Best of Swiss Gastro, which uses it to finance the project. The company donates part to the SOS Children's Village.
In Lausanne, Switzerland, thousands of people took to the streets on Sunday afternoon. The rally was not authorized. The police were present but did not intervene. At the same time, several sit-ins were taking place across the city. Cries like "Black lives matter" ("Black lives count"), "I can't breathe" ("I can't breathe") or "Ma couleur n'est pas une menace" ("My skin color is not a threat"). Despite corona restrictions, thousands of people have taken to the streets in many European cities in the past few days. The trigger is the death of the African American George Floyd in a brutal police operation in the USA.
Comedian Marco Rima has been criticized on social media. He recently spoke up on Facebook, saying he was a "bad guy" on his Facebook page. The comedian was also criticized for questioning tests in addition to the masks in a Facebook video that has since been deleted.
BMX rider David Graf is at a loss for words after the bitter elimination in the semifinals. The 31-year-old even burst into tears after the failed competition. "Everything would have been fine," says the future national coach after his penultimate career race.
Lufthansa will soon be flying with shark skin on its planes. The product is called "Aeroshark" and will be attached to all Boeing 777 freighters from 2022. The aim is to reduce the frictional resistance of the aircraft. Because the less friction a machine generates, the less fuel it needs, which is good for the company budget and the environment.
A family from France drove their minibus off the A7 motorway in Valence on Monday evening. According to initial findings, the car had caught fire. A total of nine people were in the car - all victims belong to the same family from Venissieux, a suburb of Lyon, as French media reported unanimously.
15 people have come out of a cave in France after 40 days of voluntary isolation. Scientists at the Human Adaptation Institute call the project Deep Time, which aims to clarify how people adapt to drastic changes in their living conditions and their environment. The temperature in the cave was ten degrees Celsius and the relative humidity was 100 percent. The participants had no contact with the outside world, learned nothing about the situation in the pandemic or any other news.
Marc Hirschi sprints for the day's victory in the 2nd stage of the Tour de France. He was only beaten by the French crowd's favorite Julian Alaphilippe by a bike length. The 22-year-old from Bern, who became U-23 world champion in 2018 and has only been driving as a professional for the German World Tour team Sunweb since last year, did not leave completely empty-handed.
Kate Abdo interviewed Ryan Garcia's second son, Sean Garcia for "DAZN". The star presenter let herself be carried away by a spicy comment. Finally, Ryan Garcia's second son, 20-year-old Sean Garcia, is also a successful boxer. "Both boxers are competing today. Sean Garcia has already won, Ryan Garcia is in the main fight. They made them pretty and athletic. They seem to have pretty good sperm, sir!" Said the star presenter in a live interview. The proud boxing dad didn't need to be told twice, laughing at the compliment: "Thank you, Kate".
Alaska wants to make coronavirus vaccinations available to tourists at airports in the US state. Gov. Mike Dunleavy unveiled a plan Friday to attract tourists to Alaska. The offer of a vaccination is "probably another good reason to come to the state of Alaska this summer," Dunleavy said.
A Swiss doctor performs circumcisions for religious reasons. In the vast majority of cases, circumcision is done for religious reasons. In such cases, critics see the circumcision of boys as an encroachment on self-determination. Female circumcision has been officially banned in Switzerland since 2012. The association "Pro Kinderrechte" is now demanding the same for boys.
Zweifel is celebrating the European Championship with three new flavors. The snacks are a limited edition that will be available in stores until the EM final in mid-July. But the flavors don't seem to go down particularly well, as a look at the Coop website shows: The Bacon and Eggs Edition only manages one out of five stars in the ratings: "Disgusting. Unless you like the taste of rotten eggs", writes a customer. The pizza margherita also only gets one and a half stars: "It tastes good, but not a trace of chicken," says one review.
Because they took their daughter out of school for a total of 30 days during the corona pandemic, a father and a mother (both 42) stood before the police court in Tafers FR. The couple did not want to pay the fine of 3,000 francs - "We are guilty in the sense that we violated compulsory schooling, but we found the amount of the fine to be inappropriate," said the father to 20 minutes. After all, the daughter was not taken out of school without reason, but because the mother was pregnant. Now the verdict is here.
Cephas Malele is the most accurate Swiss footballer this year. He scored 18 goals this season. The 27-year-old striker plays for the Romanian first division club FC Arges, has scored 18 goals this season. Otherwise, no Swiss player will have a two-digit number of goals in 2021.
Customers who want to redeem their full collection booklets in the store are faced with locked shelves. Towels, hair dryers and beard trimmers are not among the everyday products and have not been allowed to be sold since the store lockdown. This causes confusion among consumers.
Noelia, you've never put yourself out there and said you're a lesbian. Last week you did an Insta Q&A and asked "How are the guys?" relatively surprisingly answered with "I'm gay". Why did you decide to answer the question at all? I could have ignored this question, because about 300 came in. But many revolved around the topic of love and men. Even though I hardly ever post anything private on my channel, this time I thought: why not? Was that something like an outing? Not for me personally. My family and friends have known about it since 2016. Since then I've been walking around town with my (then) girlfriend, going to gay parties - I've never really been in the closet.
Alishia Bucher from Adligenswil LU has been missing for a month. She left her place of residence in Adligenswil LU on Wednesday, April 21, 2021 at around 10:30 p.m. Since then, her whereabouts have been unknown. Hoping to find Alishia Bucher, the twin sister of the missing woman has started handing out flyers.
A Hungarian publisher has been fined 250,000 forints for two children's books about so-called rainbow families. The books are Hungarian translations of the fairy tales "Early One Morning" and "Bedtime, not Playtime" by the US author Lawrence Schimel. The publisher, which publishes the books, defended itself against the allegations.
"Domina" stars Melodie Melodie. She's 1.66 meters. She's a hairdresser, modelling, and actress. She's also a singer.
Michael Schnedlitz, MP for the right-wing populist FPÖ, carried out an absurd experiment in the Austrian National Council. In his contribution to the debate on Thursday, he tried to prove that simple cola produces a positive result in the rapid corona tests and that the entire mass corona tests are therefore worthless. But the attempt has nothing to do with the virus. As "t-online" reports, the rapid tests are coated with antibodies to which color particles are coupled.
The federal prosecutor's office accuses a Somali from Bern of having deliberately indoctrinated children, as the "SonntagsBlick" reports. The man is said to have shown the children violent Islamist videos during Koran training in order to "radicalize them ideologically". The indictment of the federal prosecutor's office is the "SonntagsBlick". Among other things, two Somali children from Bern are said to be among the victims of the 38-year-old.
The Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) stipulates that 75 percent of people who are particularly at risk should be vaccinated. The federal government is not aiming for a target of what percentage of the total population should be vaccinated to achieve herd immunity.
Swiss Covid is available for download in the Apple App Store and Google's Play Store. Experts from the IT security company Eset warn that anyone who wants to take part in contact tracing and download the app must be careful that the correct app is caught. "Experience with similar tools abroad shows that cyber criminals do everything they can to make a profit with fake apps, websites and phishing attacks," says Thorsten Urbanski, spokesman for Eset.
Another major demolition occurred in Raron on Saturday. The area remains closed. Residents will not be allowed into their homes until at least Sunday noon. "The only exceptions are access for feeding or picking up pets and when medication is urgently needed". On Friday at around 11 a.m. the first rockfall occurred in Raron VS. The rubble and stone masses extended to the residential zone. The residents of the affected area had to be evacuated. No persons were harmed.
Kanye West visited Linard Bardill's studio in Scharans GR. The singer-songwriter was with him for about three and a half hours. After the meal, the guests from the USA visited the house and played a board game together. "The game is a collapsible travel version of 'Kalaha'," says Linard Bardill, Swiss writer and songwriter.
A mentally ill man from Bern is accused of setting a fire in an underground car park in Murifeld, Switzerland. The man has been treated at the Münsingen Psychiatric Center (PZM) since last summer. This week he is before the Bern-Mittelland regional court.
Andrew Cuomo has been accused of sexual misconduct. The Democrat reached under the top of a woman at the governor's official residence and touched her, The Times Union newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing a source who knew directly about the woman's allegation. Several women accuse Cuomo, who has been in power for three terms, of misbehaving towards them at work.
Ermedin Demirovic scored three goals in the Bundesliga last season. The 22-year-old ex-St. Gallen striker has scored seven goals so far this season. He has scored seven goals and set up as many goals as possible. The 22-year-old prefers to talk about his achievements.
Tomorrow, Netflix will release a new part of the "Fear Street" trilogy. It starts with "Fear Street Part 1: 1994", in which eerie things take place in the small town of Shadyside, which are connected by a curse - the murders are increasing and the residents are afraid of an evil spirit. A clique of teenagers realizes that they will be the next victims and they decide to investigate together who is behind the events. The films are based on RL Stine's "Fear Street" series of novels from the 1990s.
In Zurich, on International Women's Day, protestors gathered on Helvetiaplatz after the "Feminist Strike Collective" had been called. The police were present with a large contingent and blocked access to the police station with bars. After this incident, the anger in the community is great. On Monday they called for a sit-in in front of the Zurich city police headquarters.
The low "Gudrun" directs a cold front to the Alps. But the change in the weather only lasts for a short time: it's supposed to be sunny again on Sunday.
The St. Gallen Olma bratwurst is known far beyond the borders of the canton. The cancellation of various major events in eastern Switzerland, such as the Olma, and the closure of many restaurants would have apparently weakened sales of the popular bratwurst. But according to the first estimates by the supporting association Culinarium, no fluctuations were found. The annual quantity survey takes place at the end of February, but it is already estimated that the sale of sausages has not deteriorated compared to 2019.
A study by the University of Zurich shows that every fifth person infected with corona lives more than half a year after the diagnosis with sometimes drastic long-term damage. The deficits range from loss of taste to coughing to lung problems. And: Young people are also affected by long-term effects. 20 minutes spoke to four of those affected. "My Corona illness in March was very mild. But my sense of smell and taste has disappeared to this day. When I cook for my family, I have to be very careful with spices. I can no longer tell wines apart. I eat with my eyes closed, I often can't name the food. This condition hasn't improved in the last few months. I don't want to worry too much though - I'm hoping my senses will recover as this is affecting my quality of life".
20 Minuten summarized the highlights of this year's Digital Days in the photo gallery (above). The full program can be found here. The event is organized by Digitalswitzerland, an initiative of business, the public sector and science. More than 175 companies and organizations belong to the association, including ETH, Google, ABB, Coop, Die Post, Migros and many more.
Greece fears the upcoming heat wave. From Tuesday onwards, temperatures are expected to rise to up to 44 degrees during the day and not fall below 30 degrees at night either. Both the Greek weather service and civil defense are already issuing warnings because the heat is expected to last until August 8th, which is an unusually long time.
A 75-year-old driver drove from Ägeri towards Zug on Saturday evening. In a right-hand bend, she went into the oncoming lane and collided with an oncoming car. All three cars were totaled and had to be taken away, the Zug police said on Sunday. The woman who caused the accident was injured and taken to a hospital for a check-up.
A 32-year-old man has to answer before the Basel criminal court in June. The public prosecutor accuses him of multiple fraud, violation of the Covid 19 Solidarity Guarantee Ordinance, multiple forgery of documents and embezzlement. According to the indictment, the man illegally applied for an emergency loan of CHF 290,000 for his gas station shop on March 26, 2020. At the time, he already knew that his franchise contract and thus his business activities were five days before they expired. Because he knew that the loans would be paid out as unbureaucratically as possible and without an in-depth examination, he deceived the bank with false information in order to obtain a Covid loan he was not entitled to.
The host of a Baselbiet restaurant has received death threats over the phone. The landlord made the death threat public on Facebook on Thursday afternoon and then reported it to the police in Basel. This could not confirm receipt of the ad yesterday.
Nikki Phillippi and her husband have had their dog Bowser for nine years. In the video, they explain that they tried to find him a new home without children. Unfortunately unsuccessful. Phillippi shared a final photo on Instagram in which she kisses "Bowie," his nickname, and writes how grateful she is to him for the time together. Some of their fans find it "hypocritical". "So you knew he was aggressive before you gave birth to the child. What were you thinking? It's definitely not about the dog or the child, it's just about clicks."
A man in Sri Lanka discovers a huge pile of sapphires. The rock weighing more than 500 kilos is not just rubble, but a huge accumulation of sapphires. The experts estimate the value of the precious nugget at around 100 million US dollars with around 2.5 million carats.
Three strangers hit a man at Rheinfelden train station. The victim is a 40-year-old German. He was taken to the hospital for injuries sustained in the attack. The police are looking for witnesses.
People in the village of Jenggot near the town of Pekalongan were up to their calves in blood-red water. The color comes from batik companies and is harmless, the authorities said on Sunday.
The police in Konstanz (D) have arrested three suspects. The three suspects are employed by a subcontractor that delivers packages on behalf of a service provider. According to the police, a number of packages in the lower three-digit range is assumed. Investigators will provide more details next week.
The “SwissCovid” app has been available for just a week. Although it is only officially in the pilot phase, everyone can download it from the Google Play Store and temporarily also from the Apple "Testflight" portal. According to the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG), the app has already been installed on 34,000 Android smartphones and 10,000 iPhones. One might think that the great interest in the app would please those responsible at the BAG.
The mutated corona virus with the name B.1.1.7 is said to be up to 75 percent more contagious than the previously rampant variant. In just a few weeks, the mutation of the virus could dominate in Switzerland. In order to prevent the spread, stricter quarantine rules come into play, which means that often not only direct contact persons have to be quarantined, but also their contacts.
Albania, the Balearic Islands, Malta, Belgium and India slipped onto the federal list of risk countries on Tuesday. From Thursday, all returnees from these countries in Switzerland must be in quarantine for ten days. The Balearic Islands registered 1800 new infections in the last 14 days. There were almost 160 cases per 100,000 inhabitants during this period. Nevertheless, the quarantine requirement annoys some tourists. DW*, for example, traveled to Mallorca with his girlfriend on Monday. When he found out on Tuesday that the Federal Office of Public Health (BAG) Balearic Islands on the quarantine list, he immediately began to arrange his return flight."So that we don't have to be in quarantine, we want to leave tomorrow," says the 28-year-old buyer.
Tidjane Thiam had to vacate his post as head of Credit Suisse (CS) last February. The espionage affair involving star banker Iqbal Khan (see box) was his undoing. The scandal made headlines around the world and cast the big bank in a bad light. But apparently Thiam wasn't just struggling with this affair. In the five years as a CS manager, the 58-year-old Ivorian is said to have repeatedly had experiences that he found racist - "both within the bank and in Switzerland in general". The "New York Times" writes in a detailed article.
Floods, flooded basements, destroyed cars: the thunderstorm has caused major damage in the past few days. Now the victims of the storm have to repair it. That’s why many are storming the hardware stores. On request, Jumbo reports that dehumidifiers are currently selling 214 percent better than in the same period last year.
Ella Emhoff (21) is the stepdaughter of US Vice President Kamala Harris (56). Already on Inauguration Day, she wowed the world with a chic "Miu Miu" coat. Shortly thereafter, she was signed by the modeling agency IMG Models. The agency's portfolio includes superstars such as Gisele Bundchen (40) and Bella Bella (24) and Gigi Hadid (25). Now the 21-year-old American is taking her first steps in the fashion world - and landed straight away at New York Fashion Week. She was booked by fashion masterminds Proenza Schouler. Like many other labels, they are also presenting their collection in digital format this year.
In order to curb the spread of the Covid virus, the army is starting a vaccination campaign at the beginning of the upcoming summer RS in July: "All members of the army who do continuous service for more than four weeks should have the Covid vaccination - which is voluntary – are offered,” army spokesman Stefan Hofer told 20 minutes. The first Covid vaccination is planned for the second week of recruit school, the second dose for the sixth week of recruit school. "As far as possible, all of the approximately 14,000 army members of recruit schools 2-21 who are willing to be vaccinated should be vaccinated". The senior medical officer strongly recommends the vaccination, according to Hofer: “The vaccine is provided by the army’s logistics base, as in the cantons. The vaccinations are carried out by the army’s medical service personnel.”
Luxury playhouses can cost up to 50,000 francs. Because the mini houses are custom-made, they are a real trend triggered, as the "Daily Mail” writes. There are even houses for children that have electricity and can be heated. In the USA, too, countless websites offer expensive mini houses for children. The prices vary between a few hundred and several thousand Dollars.The most expensive examples are made of solid wood and offer a front garden and slides.If desired, the mini houses can be modeled in a replica of the parents' house.
The group "Silent Protest", which has repeatedly organized demonstrations against the Corona measures in the past, has announced a protest march for Saturday in Neuchâtel (see box). The association received approval from the city of Neuchâtel for the protest march. The city justifies this with freedom of expression. "We attach great importance to freedom of expression in the political sphere, especially since this is a demonstration in connection with the votes on June 13," says Françoise Küenzi, media spokesman for the city of Neuchâtel.
From Monday, May 3rd, Migros will start its project of a national recycling system for plastic again. This provides for households to collect plastic packaging separately and return it to the appropriate collection stalls in Migros supermarkets. The starting signal is given in Central Switzerland, and the Migros Lucerne cooperative is in charge, as spokesman Patrick Stöppler confirms to "Blick".
In St. Gallen, there was a spectacular accident on Rosenbergstrasse. A car landed on a fence and got stuck there, almost on the tracks. The driver fled. The 19-year-old drove too fast. The dog was found after the accident in an underpass at the train station.
On August 4, 2018, a Ju-52 crashed in Graubünden. 20 people died as a result. The Swiss Safety Investigation Board has now published the report on the accident. Sust comes to the conclusion that the actions of the pilots led to the crash.
A video on the Tiktok social media platform shows four young people jumping out of a gondola one after the other – from a height of several meters and at full speed. The winter sports enthusiasts also throw their skis and snowboards out of the cabin. The video already has almost 80,000 views and thousands of likes on Tiktok.
The 71-year-old Jeff Bridges has revealed that his tumor is regressing. The actor, who won an Oscar for his leading role in Crazy Heart in 2010, writes of his treatment: "It turns out to work wonderfully". The actor did not explain whether this was chemotherapy. It was the first time Bridges has reached out to his fans since his cancer diagnosis.
The cantonal council chamber in St. Gallen may no longer be entered. The reason is a crack in the ceiling. Although the cantonal parliament has not met for weeks, the hall is in demand. Because of its size, the distance rules can be observed there.
On Monday, the Openair St. Gallen organizers published a clearly political message on social media channels. On Facebook, for example, it says that culture needs a yes. The message from the organizers of the popular open air is clear and clear. The reactions in the comments are just as clear and direct. With more than 160 comments on the Facebook post, there is little praise and support, as reported by Die Ostschweiz.
A freighter loaded with 3800 tons of oil is said to be leaking off the coast of Mauritius. According to the Mauritian Ministry of the Environment, the ship poses no threat to the environment.
Kim Kardashian uploaded an unintentionally funny video to Insta on Tuesday. The 40-year-old raves about Olivia Rodrigo (18) in her story and unboxes the singer's new "Sour" media package. In addition to printed candy hearts and other merch, it even contains a card handwritten by Olivia.
The canton of Bern is planning to expand the certificate requirement if the situation continues to deteriorate. "Restaurants and other indoor areas" could be considered, as Gundekar Giebel, spokesman for the Bern health department, explained when asked by 20 minutes. The canton can take such measures on its own based on the epidemiological situation.
A woman beat a nine-year-old girl with sticks for three days until she died from her injuries. She claimed to exorcise such evil spirits from the child, said a police spokesman for the German Press Agency on Monday. Officials found at least five sticks broken during the ritual.
Actress Megan Fox is fed up with people commenting on her relationship with musician Machine Gun Kelly (31). The 35-year-old now reveals this in an interview with "InStyle". Since she made her relationship with Kelly, who was four years her junior, public, she has had to take a lot of criticism. Reason: the "age gap" - a larger age difference between the partners.
An antenna on Seestrasse in Thun has been set on fire. It is a case of arson, according to police spokesman Christoph Gnägi. The police are now sensitized to the arson attacks: "Our patrols are keeping their eyes open, are attentive and will also check the antennas if necessary," says Gnägi.
A road rescue course took place last week in Frauenfeld. The course was held on April 28th and 29th. The police received several media inquiries about the course. However, road users did not report, according to Michael Roth, spokesman for Kapo Thurgau.
Unemployment figures have recovered slightly. The unemployment rate fell from 3.6 percent in February 2021 to 3.4 percent in the month under review. However, unemployment increased compared to the same month last year by 22,344 people. This means that the number of unemployed at the end of March 2020 at the beginning of the Corona crisis was 16.5 percent lower than now. There is also an improvement in youth unemployment.
Rolf Sieber (65) from Widnau SG wants to know why a concrete slab was used in front of his house instead of asphalt. In addition, Sieber is demanding that a joint, which he believes is defective, be repaired after the frost period and that documents that his lawyer had requested in September 2020 be handed over.
A woman on Facebook posted a picture of a child begging on the Middle Bridge in Basel. She has already informed the child and adult protection authority (Kesb) about this situation. "These are still children, they can't defend themselves. They have to be protected. You just can't allow something like that," the Basel native said to 20 minutes.
Kendall Jenner, 24, has a make-up room in which she paints her own artwork. She says that she's pretty sure these pieces are the dimensions of Tracey's ex-boyfriend's penis, and the message at the end is for his new girlfriend: "Glad to hear you're a happy girl.' Because he's got a really big penis, I suppose." Alright cool. She has placed such structures around the stacks of books in front of her bed. "I don't know what exactly those copper energy rings are for, but I also have some on my lights and around my water bottle and I'm comfortable around them." She apparently hid the dream catcher, the rose quartz and the glasses full of her own urine in the closet before the shoot. Okay, at least in a golden bathtub. "It's my favorite thing," enthuses Kendall, "I bathe in it about three times a week." If we had such a nice piece, we would eat, sleep and do yoga in it. Okay, you're insanely uncultured, as you've known since point 5.
British scientists warn of a possible wave of coronavirus-related brain damage. The study complements other research that found strong evidence that the disease can lead to a 'Covid brain'. As the researchers from University-College London write, their findings indicated that Covid-19 can lead to serious, potentially permanent neurological complications such as inflammation, psychosis and delirium, even when the disease caused by the novel coronavirus is mild or even asymptomatic.
A committee of opponents, mainly from conservative circles like the SVP and EDU, collected enough signatures for a referendum against "marriage for all". The signatures are to be handed over to the Federal Chancellery for verification on Monday.
On social media platform Parler, users are free to express their opinions without being blocked or labeled. On Parler, however, the followers are free to exchange ideas. Similarly, posts claiming that the US presidential election involved fraud and that the actual winner of the election was not Joe Biden but Donald Trump. A petition is openly called for on Parler, collecting signatures to launch an investigation into the matter. In fact, the hashtag #StopTheSteal has become one of the most used hashtags on Parler on Thursday with more than 100,000 posts, as reported by Spiegel.de. However, not everything is legal on Parler either.
Cardi B (28) is obsessed with Peppa Pig. Because Peppa Pig is a British animated children's series that has achieved cult status around the world. In the series, the pig Peppa explores the world and learns something new every day - including that splashing in puddles is a lot of fun. In the probably not very serious tweet, Cardi even threatens the cartoon character: "Count your damn days!" The fact that Kulture now has a "Peppa Pig" ban cannot be ruled out, but it would be pretty nasty. Maybe Cardi Kulture shouldn't wear the most expensive Ugg boots anymore?
Researchers from the University Hospital Frankfurt are now giving an outlook on what recovered Covid 19 patients could expect. The study shows that an infection with the corona virus can damage the heart in the long term, regardless of the severity of the infection and existing previous illnesses. In view of the high number of infected people who have no or hardly any symptoms, that scares me.
The Bernard family has run a private funeral home in Memphis. The family received numerous requests for reality shows, but were never interested. But when producer Warren Robinson called countless times, wanted to make a series about them and didn't give up, the Bernards agreed. "Buried by the Bernards" will be available on Netflix from February 12th. Here's coming-of-age mixed with science fiction: The eponymous short story by Lev Grossman was made into a film - in it Mark (Kyle Allen) says: "This isn't time. Time is the stuff you can't get back".
The first mass tests in Switzerland started at 8 a.m. in the Maloja, Bernina and Unterengadin/Münstertal regions. From December 11th to 13th, as large a part of the population as possible should be tested for Covid-19. According to the cantonal authorities, over 11,300 people have so far registered for the voluntary and free rapid test. The aim is to test 20,000 people from Friday to Sunday. People then know 20 minutes later whether they have contracted the corona virus or not.
More than 15 years ago, singer Lady Gaga suffered a "total nervous breakdown". The reason for this was a music producer who sexually abused her and dropped her "pregnant on a street corner". The 35-year-old singer revealed this as part of the new AppleTV + documentary series by Prince Harry (36) and Oprah Winfrey (67), "The Me You Can't See", which focuses on mental health and dealing with mental illness.
Nina Christen is involved in the three-position final right from the start. After the kneeling series of five, the 27-year-old is on course for a medal, although it is her weakest sub-discipline. When lying down, the woman from Nidwalden falls back a bit, but still has everything in her own hands before the decision is made.
The French government has extended the night curfew for a week. The curfew has been in force in the greater Paris area and eight other major cities for a week. People in the affected areas are not allowed to be on the streets between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. without good reason. The health emergency has been in effect again in France since last weekend, with which the government can enforce extensive restrictions by decree. So far, more than 34,500 people have died as a result of an infection with the corona virus.
*The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched. *The name has been changed by the editors and the voice has been pitched.
Around a third of Swiss readers did not go on vacation in 2020 because of the Corona crisis. But the longing for holidays abroad is great, so the frustration is all the greater when planned trips have to be cancelled. "Now we would actually be in Antarctica," says 20-Minute reader Jennifer Hefti, 27.
The Federal Council has proposed a test strategy. Specifically, he proposes that the federal government assume all costs for tests from March 15th - even for people who want to be tested without symptoms. In companies and schools, repeated tests should be carried out using saliva samples. However, this is not a substitute for protection concepts, but serves as additional protection, according to the government.
The St. Gallen canton police rescued a chicken that had to be rescued by the police. The animal jumped across the street and finally saved itself on the protective pavement. The chicken was then handed over to professional care. And if you still need an earworm...
In the case of the murder of the teacher couple from Bolzano, the suspicion of intent is confirmed. Benno Neumair not only planned the killing of his parents carefully, but also did everything possible to mislead the police investigators. An overview of his failed deception maneuvers. At around 7 p.m. on January 4, Benno Neumair drove his mother's mobile phone to the Roma Bridge and hid the device behind a bush. Two hours later he went back to the spot and switched off the cell phone. Then he threw it away. The police were supposed to believe that Laura Perselli had driven to the Roma bridge and stayed there for two hours before being the victim of a crime or an accident. In the beginning, Benno's trick worked.
The film "Binti" will be released in Swiss cinemas in the German dubbed version. Director Frederike Migom is fascinated by courageous characters, especially children who fight for what is due to them. "They have a voice that deserves to be heard - if only someone would hand them the microphone," she explains in a press statement. Migom says she wants the film to raise awareness of immigration, promote diversity on screens and show that all children are allowed to have dreams: "Although the two children are different, they learn that together they are stronger, that they need each other and... that we can do more together than alone".
In this episode of "Fernweh", we talk about South Africa and how she "refuels" with people and what she recommends for a first trip to South Africa - you can hear everything in the current episode "Fernweh": right here, just tap E3:
Diego Maradona died on Wednesday. His fans and supporters gathered in front of his former club Boca Juniors and the obelisk in the city center to say goodbye. The Argentine government ordered three days of national mourning.
In Switzerland, Halloween parties are being cancelled. The federal government recommends avoiding such celebrations if possible because of the rapid spread of the corona virus. On Wednesday, the Federal Council went one step further. Private events should no longer be held at the moment, said Health Minister Alain Berset (SP).
FC Basel is second to last in the annual table for 2021. The Valais have scored ten points this year, but have even played one more game than Red-Blue. FC Vaduz scores more than twice as many points as in the previous year (7 points).
Around 1,000 activists took to the streets in Basel on Monday evening to mark International Women's Day. The rally, which had started at Theaterplatz, was not approved. After the gathering at 6 p.m., the demonstration procession started moving. Beforehand, the police informed the participants via megaphone that the rally was not approved and that police intervention was to be expected if security and order were disturbed.
The number of seriously ill corona patients in Israel has fallen for the first time in more than four months, despite the extensive relaxation of the measures. The Ministry of Health announced on Thursday that there were still 290 seriously ill people. The number was last lower on December 1st with 277 seriously ill, but at that time as a result of the second lockdown in the country.
Murtaza Ahmadi, a nine-year-old Afghan, was born in Pakistan. His family had to flee their home province of Jaghori to Kabul because of the war against the Taliban. Murtuza's father had hoped that Messi could help him and his family get asylum in another country. The family had previously applied for asylum in Pakistan, but this was not approved due to lack of funds. In Kabul, Murtaza stayed with his uncle.
On Valentine's Day, the dating app Tinder uses its match function. If you are interested in a video call with a new acquaintance, you can click on a video icon. The video feature will only be activated if the other person does the same. If only one of the two people clicks on the video symbol, the interlocutor will never find out. This function can also be deactivated again at any time.
The Federal Council relaxed the corona virus from June 1st. The Swiss sports world breathed a sigh of relief, as competitions with up to 50 people can be held again from June 1st. However, not all athletes are allowed to pursue their hobby despite the new regulations.
In St. Moritz, two hotels had to be quarantined after a highly contagious variant of the corona virus broke out. In an interview, Andreas Cerny explains how it was possible to get this far despite protective concepts, how far the mutated variants have already spread among the population and what mistakes Switzerland made in its corona strategy.
After the assassination attempt on Haiti's President Jovenel Moïse, 17 suspects have been arrested and several others killed by the police. Two US citizens with Haitian roots were among those arrested.
Several travelers brought the corona virus from abroad to Switzerland. In addition to Zug, several other cantons are also affected, and these are not just isolated cases. The contact tracers found the routes of infection. The travelers were in "European countries with high virus activity," Hauri told the newspaper, without naming individual countries.
The Blue Cross Bern-Solothurn-Freiburg surveys high school students aged 12 to 17 in the canton of Bern about their drug use. In 2020, the specialist organization for addiction issues received feedback from a total of 974 young people. The evaluation makes you sit up and take notice: the consumption figures have risen sharply compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old ex-employee has been arrested after he shot eight people in a Fedex distribution center in Indianapolis. The attacker was known to the police, but the police are still investigating what led to the gun attack late Thursday evening.
20 Minuten Radio hosts five podcast series. The recordings of "Drei x Drei", for which the moderation team discussed in threes, are among Andreas' highlights: "There are always very stupid, but above all very funny moments that we experience together". Here is an overview of all episodes. Podcast "Drei x Drei" can be found with all other podcasts directly in the radio section of the 20 minute app (at the bottom of the bar).
The Federal Council has based its decisions on the new measures in the fight against the corona virus on an excessive number of reproductions. For December 4th, ETH estimated the R value at 1.13, which is an exponential growth. A week later, she corrected this down to 1.05 - and on December 28, the calculation of the R value for December 4 was exactly 1. The most important answers to the R value chaos are:
The Jungfrau Railway is the first mountain railway in the world to use such a VIP concept, which is well known in the airline industry. Anyone who spends 12,000 francs becomes a member of the Platinum Club and gets access to the lounge: instead of queuing at the valley station, members can eat and drink in the elegant ambience and bridge the time until the VIP gondola arrives.
At Zurich Airport, it is said that the queuing zone at check-in was sometimes almost full, but never overcrowded. The airport has put up posters and notices to ensure that the Corona measures are observed. On request, Swissport said that passengers had to wait up to an hour to check in on Sunday morning, on average it was around half an hour.
A 29-year-old boy was stabbed to death by a drug addict. The authorities classified him as a social case. How do the authorities react today in such a case? We spoke to Christian Kistler from the Child and Adult Protection Authority of the City of Zurich (KESB). Kistler previously worked in crisis intervention with adult children of drug addicts and in a drug therapy ward.
On Friday evening, 20-Minutes editor Lucas Orellano found a letter in the Intercity from Zurich to Bern. It was dated December 8, 1989 and was written by Markus Grosi to his grandmother. 20 minutes would like to give it back to its owner. He turned up on the upper floor of a second-class car in the IC 838, which drove from Zurich main station to Bern at 11:02 p.m. It originally came from Romanshorn (from 9.48 p.m.) and stopped in Amriswil (9.54 p.m.), Weinfelden (10.06 p.m.), Frauenfeld (10.18 p.m.), Winterthur (10.31 p.m.), Zurich Airport (10.45 p.m.) and arrived at 10.55 p.m. in HB at.
According to market researchers at IDC, global sales of games will soar by 20 percent to CHF 160 billion this year, according to market researchers at IDC. In the entertainment sector, that's a lot, as a comparison with the film industry shows: A year ago, this still achieved record sales of 89 billion francs. So the games market is almost twice as big - even if you don't include the losses caused by the pandemic.
The Ethiopian government has announced the "final phase" of the offensive against the northern region of Tigray, which has been going on for three weeks. The central government in Addis Ababa had given the People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which governs Tigray, 72 hours to lay down their arms and surrender. Otherwise, the regional capital Mekelle, where 500,000 people live, would be attacked. A statement from the TPLF forces was initially not available.
After 20 years, the Red Bull Flugtag returns to Lausanne. On Sunday, June 20, the event will be held at the Bellerive Plage lido. Make a bold mark on your calendar for Sunday, September 19 - whether you want to compete yourself or applaud the chord crash landings from the shore. The starting shot is at 11 a.m. and admission is free.
US President Joe Biden expects to run for a second term in the White House in the 2024 election. "The answer is yes, my plan is to run for re-election, that's my expectation," the 78-year-old Democrat said Thursday at his first press conference since taking office more than two months ago, when asked.
The pesticide initiative in Switzerland could lead to food poisoning. The hygiene standards are based on the use of disinfectants, says Mario Irminger, President of IG Retail, which consists of Coop, Migros and Denner. For Christof Züger, head of the east Swiss producer Züger cream cheese, not using chemicals to clean the systems would be "a huge problem". The products would spoil so much sooner.
On September 30, 2020, the sun shines through the Martinsloch directly onto the top of the church in Elm GL. On September 30, 2020, there is even a double phenomenon that only occurs every 19 years. This Wednesday not only does the sun shine through the hole in the rock, but also the moon. On Wednesday, at exactly 9:32 a.m., the sun shines through the Martinsloch on the church tower in the center of the village of Elm.
Drones provide beautiful landscape images and have become a popular toy for hobby pilots in recent years. With the increasing popularity, the number of drones in the airspace has also grown. However, the small drones can become a major threat to normal air traffic.
The Lucerne rapper Loredana deactivated her Instagram profile unannounced. On Monday, she announced her second album, "Medusa". It's a mini teaser for the new record, to which she writes again: "I wanted to say something, but wasn't allowed to say anything". And then continues: "This sentence is not just a line, but the description of my life in the last 18 months. Listen to the music and you will understand my story". Alright. So far, the majority of Instagram users have reacted negatively to the news.
On Saturday, a woman left her cell phone on the roof of her car. She slowed down. At that moment, a 22-year-old motorcyclist drove behind her. There was property damage of more than 20,000 francs.
Finance Minister Ueli Maurer expects about 15 years to plug the hole of 35 billion francs that the Corona crisis is tearing into the federal coffers. "In the medium term, the time horizon should be around fifteen years. With new debt of around CHF 30 billion, that would be CHF 2 billion a year," said the SVP Federal Councilor.
The solar bench in Wil, where you can charge your cell phone with solar power, has been moved. The bench on Bleicheplatz was inaugurated in June. But recently it was moved to the Stadtweiher.
Franco Acosta is dead. The Uruguayian striker was only 25 years old. He was reported missing by his brother at the weekend after crossing a river. Acosta was found dead on Monday.
Reto Moser is proud of his son's apprenticeship as a bodywork plumber this summer. However, the father's anticipation of the graduation ceremony recently suffered a setback. Parents are required to contribute CHF 30 each for the aperitif (excluding alcoholic beverages). Carrosserie Suisse defends itself against Moser's allegations in a written statement. The association also asserts that it cannot dispose of its expenses as it pleases: "Because we are a subsidized company, we cannot use our financial resources freely, but may only use them for specific purposes". It should not go unmentioned that despite the pandemic and the associated uncertainty, we are able to offer a graduation ceremony. "Until three weeks ago it was not certain whether a celebration could be held at all". Carrosserie Suisse is just as proud of the apprenticeship graduates who "successfully passed the qualification procedures despite the difficult conditions".
Roger Federer is currently struggling to make a comeback. How he is doing exactly is not clear. For a long time he was silent. After the arthroscopic procedure on February 19, he only said that his right knee had been causing him problems "for some time" and that he now hopes to get better.
There has long been speculation as to who will be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Suisse (CS) and thus the successor to CS veteran Urs Rohner. Ex-National Bank President Philipp Hildebrand is said to have been shortlisted. But nobody expected the Portuguese António Horta-Osório. On Tuesday, the big bank announced that it intends to propose Horta-Osório, head of British Lloyds Bank, to its shareholders at the general meeting at the end of April as chairman of the board. He is called "The Special One" in the City of London like compatriot and football coach José Mourinho.
Donald Trump believes Pfizer had waited until after the election to announce it had developed a vaccine. According to Trump, the plan was actually for Pfizer to publish the data in October, i.e. before the election. "But they waited, waited and waited and then figured they would publish the results just a few days after the election." It probably would have affected the election if it had made Pfizer public earlier, Trump said.
GPS devices were recently stolen from tractors at several companies in Thurgau. The thefts all occurred between November 14th and 20th. "So far, the Thurgau cantonal police have received four reports from the Frauenfeld region and Central Thurgau," confirms media spokesman Daniel Meili. In all four cases, the thieves acted similarly. "The unknown perpetrators removed the GPS receiver from the roof of the tractor and sometimes also stole accessories such as modems and screens from the cabs," the police said.
Thank you for participating!
In September 2020, a 42-year-old woman was crossing a zebra crossing in the city of St. Gallen when a man drove down the street in his car at the same time. The man was drunk, according to the penal order from the St. Gallen public prosecutor's office, he had drunk 1.32 per mille.
On December 6, 2019, a former day care worker was arrested in Allschwil. He was accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple desecration, multiple violations of secret or private areas through recording devices and multiple pornography. The accused is accused of multiple sexual acts with children, multiple violations of secret or private areas and multiple pornography.
Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (51) has long been known as a successful entrepreneur and politician. She lives with her husband and three children in Feldmeilen ZH and Lenzerheide GR. Even though she grew up on Lake Zurich and likes to see the lake, she doesn't really feel comfortable in and on the water. She also swindled her swimming badge, which you could swim and dive for in school, and let others get the rings from the pool floor for you.
A floating bed on a farm above Fischingen offers a unique experience. The floating bed was originally intended to be hung from trees in the forest bordering the family's land. However, due to safety concerns, they decided to build the floating bed on a platform. Sepp Schuler assembled the special bed together with a local carpenter on his farm.
In September, US top model Gigi Hadid (25) became a mother for the first time and has since largely withdrawn from social media. Now she's back with new Insta image feed - and for the first time shows several excerpts from her new life as a mom. The bad: Gigi doesn't reveal much in the new photos either. It is true that she presents her little daughter to us in the baby carrier for the first time. But we don't get to see more than the back of their heads and a handful of dark hairs. All the more so from the Christmas decorations at Hadid-Malik.
Queen Elizabeth and Duchess Kate are looking for a gardener to work on their country estate. The job is noted on the royal website, but it is expected that the gardener will have the necessary skills to keep the gardens to the highest standard. Means: Cover the roses in autumn, protect the plants from frost in winter and sow seeds in spring. High demands, but not surprising for a boss who likes to get involved in the countryside herself.
In 2020, Switzerland recorded significantly more deaths than expected during the corona pandemic. People over 65 were particularly affected by this excess mortality in the first and second corona waves (see graphic below). During the second wave, between 65 and 70 percent more deaths were counted in this group than the long-term average expected, writes the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). However, current figures show that this has changed since the end of last year.
The Road Traffic Office orders a precautionary withdrawal of a driver's license. M. has to prove his roadworthiness in a traffic medical examination. He now has 40 days to find the 1,300 francs he has to pay before the examination. Because the institute where he has to do the examination is quite busy, he won't be able to get an appointment for three months.
The police did not expect further riots in St. Gallen on Saturday evening. This became clear at the media conference regarding the night of the riot. However, social media is already calling for another march in St. Gallen.
When the playoff final between Geneva-Servette and EV Zug starts on Monday, the era of the "Big 4" will end for the time being. For the first time since 1998, the ZSC Lions, SC Bern, HC Davos and HC Lugano do not become Swiss champions. These four clubs had shared the league titles for the past 22 years. The last triumph before this period of more than two decades was won by one of this year's two finalists, namely the EVZ. For Geneva, on the other hand, the championship title would be a premiere. But who has the advantage in the final?
Australian filmmakers are relocating to Australia. Some of the biggest names are already in Australia. The Australian government pumped the equivalent of around 290 million francs into its location incentive program, which is intended to attract international TV and film productions. For example, Melissa McCarthy and her husband, film producer Ben Falcone (47), received the equivalent of over nine million francs to shoot "God's Favorite Idiot" in Australia.
Coconut milk brand Chaokoh, one of Thailand's largest producers, still sources its coconuts from farms that exploit monkeys for coconut picking (see box). This was reported by the animal welfare organization PETA on Thursday. In addition to Denner, Coop and various Swiss online shops also sell the brand. The two major distributors are therefore an exception worldwide. 26,000 stores worldwide have taken the products off the shelves.
From: Northern Ireland Age: 23 Instagram: 115,000 followers (@jcstewart) Biggest song: "I Need You to Hate Me" (12 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 19 Instagram: 52" 000 followers (@wiffygriffy) Biggest song: "Good Stuff" (13 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube views) From: USA Age: 24 Instagram: 585,000 followers (@ashnikko) Biggest song: "Stupid" feat. Yung Baby Tate (89 million Spotify plays, 39 million Youtube views) From: England Age: 20 Instagram: 124,000 followers (@maisiehpeters) Biggest song: "Worst of You" (82 million Spotify plays, 1 million Youtube -Views) From: Zimbabwe/England Age: 21 Instagram: 62,000 followers (@s1mbamusic) Biggest song: "Rover" feat. DTG (127 million Spotify plays, 17 million Youtube views)
On Wednesday, news scout Toni Kurz drove his Audi Q5 into a creek bed. The police found the car in the Emmental. The man who was driving the car was injured and had to be hospitalized. He has already taken on the paperwork with the insurance company.
Mike was a parasite, he stole from her. Serena is now single and childless. Mike took all of that from her that night. "When I met Mike, I was working as a broker in Germany. The job was great, but I felt lonely. That's when Mike and I started chatting online. He was sweet, funny, intelligent - and incredibly bold. But I only realized that later. Mike was never violent, but he stole from me. And he never admitted it until he was caught. When he was caught, I believed him. Today I could slap myself for seeing him like that.
"Who we were" is a new documentary about how things are with our planet. The film was inspired by the eponymous book, which Roger Willemsen was still working on until shortly before his death in 2016. The film relies on a change of perspective: Bauder takes us to impressive locations, including the depths of the ocean, to the contaminated zone of Fukushima and into space. A film as a research trip, that's what drove Bauder: "We have information that didn't exist years ago. So how can I network this information and get people out of their passivity?" Six experts have their say, including marine biologist Sylvia Earle and astronaut Alexander Gerst.
A new tool has been available on Zentralplus that can generate ads if you want to reimburse one because you were sent an unsolicited penis picture. You can then print out the notification; the address of the responsible public prosecutor's office, for example, is automatically filled out on the letter, which you only have to sign and send.
The canton of St. Gallen is providing financial support for people who are no longer able to cover their expenses due to the corona crisis and despite comprehensive federal and cantonal aid programs. Adela Civic, head of the family and social welfare department at the Social Affairs Office, says: "It is a targeted measure. These people should not get into a spiral of debt". Some people got into a difficult financial situation due to the corona pandemic, for example because they had lost their wages or their job. Before, they could have covered their living needs well, but not anymore.
According to a study in Sydney, more and more cockatoos have learned how to open garbage cans. From a survey of residents, ornithologist Richard Major in Australia and researchers in Germany found that in early 2018, cockatoos in three neighborhoods of Sydney were good at opening bins with their beaks, then moving along the bin rim far enough to do so the trash can lid tilts backwards. By the end of 2019, there were 44 birds in 44 quarters.
Home office is a global issue in the Corona crisis. Many Brits in particular work from home. At the end of July, only a third of UK office workers were back on the job. According to an analysis by the US bank Morgan Stanley, it was already three quarters in Germany, Italy and Spain.
The British Ministry of Health wants to discourage pregnant women from smoking during pregnancy. Specifically, the ministry would like to offer pregnant women shopping vouchers of up to £400 if they stop smoking in return. A voucher is only given to those who have previously undergone a biochemical test and can thus prove that they do not smoke cigarettes. The Ministry of Health has high hopes for this: Studies would show that financial incentives are both effective and inexpensive to discourage pregnant women from smoking.
On the Witikonerstrasse in Zurich it looks like a ski slope without snow. The masts for the power lines of the VBZ buses and the lamppost are edged with orange shooters. In between there is a yellow barrier tape on orange poles. These measures were triggered by two bicycle accidents that occurred at this point in 2020.
Prime Minister Markus Söder has cancelled a trip to the North Sea. There he would have wanted to go on a mudflat hike with a colleague and would have gone to the seal banks, as German media reports unanimously. But nothing will come of the leisurely trip to the weekend.
The Bern police have evicted 16 Bernese who had to answer in court after the eviction of an occupation of an occupation. The accused were acquitted of the charge of threats and violence against authorities and officials. Most had conditional fines for trespassing. The Bern canton police also failed to give non-participants a deadline to leave the building.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has given the green light for Johnson & Johnson's Covid-19 vaccine. The European Union agency is responsible for the evaluation and supervision of medicines in Europe. Countries in the EU are thus allowed to use the vaccine from the US pharmaceutical company.
Children and young people suffer greatly from the second corona wave. The Baselland child and adolescent psychiatric clinic is reaching its limits. In the closed clinic, where patients with particularly serious illnesses are treated, the rooms are already double occupied.
The "Morning Show" hosts and the "Three x Three" hosts share their rookie mistakes. "If all of a sudden there's no sound - or something different than planned, everyone pays attention," explains the 20-minute radio music director. The complete episode "Three x Three" is available right here in the direct stream. Just tap "E43".
The Polish workers at the waste incineration plant of the Basel Industrial Works (IWB) are being told to cheat when recording working hours. The employer even benefits from this in two ways: on the one hand, he can let the employees work twice as much, on the other hand, he only has to pay out the recorded hours. The bz cites both oral sources and documents intended to show "how Swiss labor law is being undermined".
The government of Mauritius did not react after the oil spill. The locals took the initiative and organized themselves, says the real estate agent Valeria Ivic (22).
The Federal Railways are expecting a large rush on the routes to Ticino. That's why the SBB is expanding its offer to Ticino and back over the Easter days. In concrete terms, this means: "The SBB uses around a dozen additional trains between German-speaking Switzerland and Ticino," says SBB spokesman Daniele Pallecchi.
In the canton of Lucerne, the police have received over 300 reports of thunderstorms. The population reported mainly because of flooded streets, water in buildings, landslides and fallen trees. A total of 682 firefighters from 23 fire departments were deployed. In Root, one person fell while cleaning up and was injured.
Gwyneth Paltrow recently revealed that she contracted Covid-19 when the pandemic began and has been suffering from the effects of the infection ever since. "It left me with persistent fatigue and brain fog." The latter, in German brain fog, refers to a phenomenon in which those affected have symptoms such as concentration problems and memory disorders. She is now doing Will Cole's fast diet. For example, she avoids sugar and alcohol and mainly consumes butyrates, fish oil, zinc and selenium as well as vitamins B and D3.
"There are people in suits who tear the whole store apart, but there are also families who smuggle things out in prams." "Sometimes there are love scenes in the changing rooms. But we've also found feces in our changing rooms. It sucks - literally". "You can learn so many new things if you are open and talk to customers. You learn incredibly interesting things, especially from older people. That's worth its weight in gold".
Switzerland has been negotiating a framework agreement with Brussels for a long time. The goal of the negotiations: the continuation of the bilateral path, i.e. the special agreement between Switzerland and the EU. At the same time, the EU should be guaranteed that Switzerland will adopt central innovations in internal market law.
The Swiss Supreme Court ruled on March 29 that Switzerland must recognize a gender entry that has been deleted abroad. It is the first legal commitment to the existence of non-binary people in this country. "I think it's absolutely crazy!", Swiss model Tamy Glauser comments on the decision. "Especially that Switzerland is so far. If you compare it, for example, with same-sex marriage, which is now coming before the people." The model doesn't want to be happy too soon - "but it's very cool". The court had to judge the following case: Julian P. (name changed) lived in Germany for professional reasons and had his first name and official gender entry deleted at the registry office.
Grosjean's car crashed into the crash barrier at 192 km/h and at an angle of 29 degrees. The car was torn in two. But how did the crash come about? An investigation by the safety department of the FIA clarified exactly this question.
A Romanian van wanted to travel from Switzerland to Austria on July 16, as the Federal Customs Administration (FCA) wrote in a statement on Thursday. He was checked by employees of the FCA. They then came across several packages containing razor blades, perfume, shoes, clothes, bags and cosmetics. Since none of the persons present stated that they owned the goods and no proof of purchase could be produced, the suspicion arose that the goods could have been stolen. The 25-year-old driver was handed over to the St. Gallen canton police along with the stolen goods.
Max Heinzer is a goalie in an ice hockey goal. He fends off pucks with the Degen bell, the hand guard of the ice hockey team. "I originally wanted to fend off the puck with the tip and not with the bell, but that would have been too dangerous because of the rebound," Heinzer said in an interview with 20 minutes.
In "Cherry" Tom Holland slips into a role that has asked a lot of him. Cherry (Tom Holland) is fed up with weed, unpaid bills and being unemployed. Cherry's partner Emily (Ciara Bravo) also becomes addicted. The two switch to heroin, the addiction eats up all of Cherry's money, he sees only one solution: he has to rob a bank.
On Monday, a reader observed a police operation on the Riehenring in Basel. The officers had blocked access to a property. The search did not turn up a hand grenade. However, loose pistol ammunition was found, but for which the special container was not needed. The mission, which started just before 10 a.m., ended at 2:30 p.m.
Chadwick Boseman died of cancer in August at the age of 43. A sequel to Black Panther was planned for 2022. It remains unclear how the role of T'Challa will continue.
The new Netflix series "The Night Clerk" will be available on Amazon Prime from March 19th. The series tells the story of three women who were trafficked by human trafficking. The production duo spoke with those affected, as Martinez tells "Variety": "There is a lot of beauty in the aesthetics and in the story of our three protagonists, but it was difficult to wade through the dark reality." "Sky Rojo" will be available on Netflix from March 19th.
In some shops, free WiFi networks have been installed. In other stores, there are dead spots in the branch in the basement of the Migros skyscraper on Zurich's Limmatplatz, in various other shops such as Migros in the SBB Basel train station, in Coop branches in Nidau BE or on Zurich's Röntgenplatz or in Migros in Zurich Wollishofen completely demolished the network for Sunrise and Salt subscribers.
The accident happened on the A53 between Jona and Rüti on a request of 20 minutes. The driver and passenger were slightly injured and taken to the hospital for further investigation. How exactly the accident happened is currently being clarified by the military judiciary. The route had to be closed to traffic.
Nintendo announced a new Switch game console. This will replace the older version of the Switch, which first came out in 2017. The console has been a bestseller for Nintendo for years, and last year in particular the company had good sales figures, selling 28.8 million Switch consoles. Since its release, a total of 84.6 million switches have been sold, as venturebeat.com reports.
Timea Bacsinszky announced her resignation on Instagram. The 32-year-old French-speaking tenniswoman has had enough of top tennis. The Lausanne native announced her resignation on Instagram. She also thanks her family and friends in her posts on Instagram.
According to the large 20-minute sex survey, just under 50 percent of Swiss people use a condom for casual sex. While 25 percent make it dependent on the situation, the rest (25 percent) do without it entirely. There are many readers in the 20 Minutes community who have had dramatic experiences with sexually transmitted diseases. Three readers tell how they got infected and what consequences they have had to this day.
Dutch referee Björn Kuipers will referee the final of the European Championship this Sunday (9 p.m.) between England and Italy. Uefa announced the appointment of the 48-year-old for the final at London's Wembley Stadium on Thursday. He is the first Dutchman to officiate a European Championship final.
In the meantime, even walking was a bit difficult for me, I really needed to go to the toilet. And then it happened, 200 meters from my front door: my body, my bladder, gave in and gave in to the pressure. I stopped with my pants wet. She was staring at me. We were both speechless, it was awful. The date really went haywire and she broke off contact with me.
The cantonal police in Bern are again making negative headlines in connection with racism. As the "SonntagsZeitung" reports, several officers of the corps were warned about racist posts. Some Bernese police officers shared racist content, some Islamophobic, on Facebook and Twitter.